"the philippine coast guard and navy frogmen are searching for survivors in manila bay two days after the crash , they had rescued 16 passengers and found 14 others who had died , navy officials said ."
british prime minister gordon brown is concerned about a number of european nations getting swept up by the global financial crisis .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"dotasia , the organization overseeing the registration , is expecting huge demand for the first domain name extension for the asia pacific region ."
"japan s biggest company and the world s number three flash memory chipmaker is set to announce the cuts , say reports in the nihon keizai and yomiuri newspapers ."
lenovo s pcs are tailored primarily for corporations and governments .
"asked whether castro s resignation would change u . s . policy , negroponte said , i can t imagine that happening any time soon ."
we watched oklahoma make a one routine play after the next .
but the conflict has never stopped .
obama warned supporters against overconfidence as a flood of new surveys gave him a double digit lead over clinton one day before the state primary .
"also , they pointed to her telling reporters she disagreed with the campaign s decision to pull out of michigan ."
"bush and obama held a private meeting in the oval office , while the first lady gave incoming first lady michelle obama a tour of the residence ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"traditionally , the torch relay has been a chance for the international olympic committee and host country to highlight the positive ideals of the olympic movement ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the government in beijing has been debating hong kong s political development and had been expected to announce its decision later saturday on a timetable for allowing direct elections .
"the company plans to take additional measures on its site such as restricting video uploads , and will deliver an official apology ."
"chinese ambassador qian hongshan and scores of blue uniformed chinese laborers who built the new 40 million queen s park stadium as a gift from beijing were visibly uncomfortable as taiwan s anthem echoed inside the 20 , 000 seat venue ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"obama has dismissed the proposal , saying it s unlikely to help consumers or to become law , prompting clinton to accuse him of being out of touch with the hard working american consumer and the middle class ."
"it will be a stirring sight to watch president obama , his wife , michelle and their beautiful girls step through the doors of the white house ."
"target , macy s , and kohl s all say sales plunged by 10 from a year ago ."
at least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on monday .
"said fadel gheit , an energy analyst at the financial services company oppenheimer ."
"after being hospitalized , wilson dropped out of the upcoming dreamworks movie , tropic thunder , which was already in production in hawaii ."
"however , despite adding experience in the form of captain william gallas , alex hleb and , from the bench cesc fabregas and togo frontman emmanuel adebayor , this proved one game too far for arsene wenger s emerging side , who nevertheless still have bigger prizes in their sights ."
british prime minister gordon brown on wednesday urged the international community to speak out .
"tani was supposed to return to earth in december aboard atlantis , but his trip home was delayed because of problems with the fuel gauges in the shuttle s external tank ."
this kind of insinuation
"in the inward looking economies of china and india in the 1950s , 1960s and 1970s , directed lending and industrial planning were a disaster ."
put illegal immigration on the national agenda .
"her tongue was massive , and she insisted on trying to put the entire thing in my mouth . she was very forceful with it , and i started choking ."
she spent two weeks in a drug rehabilitation clinic in january .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"a letter bomb exploded monday in the mailroom of a london company that controls the capital s traffic congestion charge , slightly injuring a female worker , police said ."
"between 1978 and 1998 , some 300 , 000 farms evaporated from the american landscape ."
"the pope was not at the vatican at the time he was at the papal summer residence at castel gandolfo , in the hills south of rome ."
"trailing in delegates and the popular vote , clinton has been stepping up the pressure on obama for more debates before the upcoming primaries , which are crucial to her candidacy ."
"instead of apple ceo steve jobs , celebrity seekers at tuesday s macworld keynote address had to settle for crooner tony bennett ."
"opera star luciano pavarotti s health has worsened and he is in a very serious condition , according to italian media ."
britain denied that the award was intended to insult islam .
"in march , israel announced plans to build 600 homes in east jerusalem as part of the jerusalem mayor s initiative to construct 40 , 000 homes in the city to ease the housing plight of young couples ."
"she beat miss indiana nicole elizabeth rash , the first runner up , and miss washington elyse umemoto , the second runner up for the 50 , 000 scholarship and year of travel that comes with the crown ."
"for several seconds , the transmission goes silent ."
the shanks lost their suit to wal mart .
it is not the first time nintendo has received attention in the medical field .
the main opposition grand national party designated june as the month to protect press freedom and vowed to thwart the plan to close centers during an extraordinary national assembly session .
in the oldest cup competition in the world and with united and arsenal meeting at old trafford this is sure to be whittled down further for the sixth round .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"romney , on the economy , as the multimillionaire businessman who says he knows how to fix it and says sen . mccain doesn t get it , said cnn political correspondent dana bash ."
"thousands of tourists , many from britain , visit the battlefields every year ."
the two were the lowest ranked players at the event .
the sentence was suspended for five years meaning park will not be jailed if he stays out of trouble for that long .
"senna was shot four times in the head , and the hooded men sped away ."
"despite tepco s reassurances , the incident has triggered public concern and criticism of the company ."
the election campaign in britain begins .
"tracy roberson , 35 , could get two to 20 years in prison in the slaying of devin lasalle , a 32 year old ups employee ."
"there may likely could have been some violations , state department spokesman sean mccormack said ."
he had said he was feeling unwell while being driven home from work on sunday and was taken directly to jerusalem s hadassah university hospital .
"the incident occurred in mbc s live television show , music camp ."
"the statement was addressed to the british people , asking them to demand that their government release nine iraqis that have been detained for a year now and , in return , the organization vows to release five british hostages that they ve had for several months ."
"journalists in ghardaia , where most of the victims drowned , said none of them had seen the baby since it was saved ."
"one member of the group allegedly yelled , oh , hanukkah . that s the day that the jews killed jesus , she said ."
the court also set trial dates of march 5 for co defendants quanis l . phillips and purnell a . peace and a may 7 trial for tony taylor .
"the man was found naked , with his clothes lying intact inside the cage ."
they were all described as being in stable condition .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
authorities found qian xun xue alone and confused at a station in the southern australian city of melbourne on saturday .
the cato institute s mike tanner was watching viewers react to the second presidential debate in real time .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"hubble , in effect , was looking at fossils that offer clues about how galaxies develop , and they are key to understanding the fate of the universe ."
"the troops were conducting an operation north of muqdadiya , iraq , when they made the discovery ."
"sheesh , says another , why don t they just transport the president around in an abrams tank ."
"pichushkin killed others by hitting them with a hammer , the investigator said ."
all the so called 24 hour companies tell you to call back on monday .
exports have been growing at an annual rate of more than 20 percent but analysts expect that may fall as low as zero in coming months as global demand weakens .
"while the summit is usually a forum for political , economic and cultural issues , it has taken on added significance this year because of the unfolding crisis ."
"the faux pas occurred during the channel s live coverage of austria vs . germany at the european championship , with the mass circulation daily blick showing a picture of fans singing the anthem ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the rockets were the first to land in northern israel since kiryat shmona was pounded by hundreds of katyusha rockets during the 34 day war .
"officers from london s metropolitan police arrested 22 people on suspicion of drug trafficking and money laundering , a police statement said ."
said it targeted a group of armed men who were linked to a location from where a qassam rocket had been fired earlier .
militants and radical students holed up in the mosque two weeks ago after a battle with police .
"a recent poll by the pew research center found 33 percent got most of their 2008 campaign news from the internet , compared with 10 percent in 2004 ."
pakistan has made a huge leap backwards in it s struggle towards democracy .
iraqi security forces and u . s . led coalition forces were on the scene of the attack .
"london says they help work on memory centers of the brain , including the cerebral cortex and the hippocampus , identified in the diagram above ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"after an extraordinary session in london , they also said president pervez musharraf had to step down as army chief and release political detainees ."
he would patrol the desert in a scimitar light reconnaissance tank .
kuwait is the only gulf state monarchy with a freely elected parliament .
"archeologist finds 3 , 000 year old hebrew text"
"in a speech at the american israel public affairs committee conference , rice said the united states commitment to israel was unwavering ."
it urged supporters to greet thaksin at the airport at 9 a . m . thursday .
"president bush called abbas on monday and pledged his support to the president and those palestinian moderates who are working to better the lives of palestinians and work toward a palestinian state living side by side in peace with israel , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said"
"novartis said in october that its third quarter earnings more than tripled due to large divestments , but poor pharmaceuticals sales meant 1 , 260 u . s . job cuts and a reorganization of its divisional management ."
"within about 10 minutes of posting , someone chimes in with a good answer , and insoo awards him with some knowledge power points knowledge based economy in action among 14 year olds ."
"two days of fighting between government and ethiopian troops and islamic militants in somalia s capital mogadishu has left 81 cilvians dead and more than 100 wounded , a local human rights group reported sunday ."
"although in spain consent is presumed by law , families are still asked to give their permission for the donation to go ahead ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the trials are taking take place at the police base on the eastern outskirts of lima where fujimori is being held .
the reprogramming was a tricky task and took him a month .
"they include diplomatic or official passport holders and their dependents , children younger than 14 and adults aged 80 or older ."
"we tap into that source of waste because it is reliable , and unfortunately , it s abundant , ecoist co founder jonathan marcoschamer said . we believe that for the next few years , there s going to be a significant amount ."
the data at that time was called an al qaeda rolodex by one official .
brazil s mercantile and futures exchange called sao paulo s sale of 18 . 5 million in carbon credits to dutch belgian fortis bank the first such sale to be held on a regulated stock market and a significant step toward institutionalizing the carbon market .
"if the reports are accurate , the move takes atletico s close season spending up to 70 million euros following their purchases of striker diego forlan , winger simao sabrosa , and midfielders cleber santana , luis garcia and raul garcia ."
"a police official said the killing is under investigation . but according to local reports , janatantrik terai mukti morcha claimed responsibility for the attack ."
"firefighters are still searching for bodies at the site , which the city plans to turn into a memorial ."
"concern about a chinese interest rate hike also pressured spot gold , which fell 8 . 00 , or 1 . 16 percent , to 682 . 30 ."
"i don t know , scorsese said . it s good to have a nomination , especially for this picture ."
"this sentence is not a cause for despair , she told ntuyahaga , who remained silent ."
"defense secretary robert gates , who will keep his job when president elect barack obama takes his office , is in iraq ."
"he talked about a school he visited in florence , south carolina , that had a portion of classrooms called the corridor of shame due to its untrained teachers and lack of books and other resources ."
the ap s rita foley is live in washington to tell us about it .
she left no children behind but has at least one brother and reportedly some other siblings .
the specially designed train was outfitted to reach up to 540 kph 335 . 5 mph about the speed of a short distance freight propeller plane .
"yahoo rivals microsoft and google also have been accused of helping the chinese government crush dissent in return for access to booming internet markets , but only yahoo has been accused of directly assisting in a dissident s arrest ."
"nearly 18 , 000 people in 26 countries , including 7 , 000 women and nearly 5 , 000 minorities , participated in the clinical trial , the results of which were published in the new england journal of medicine ."
"north korean leader kim jong il was at pyongyang s airport sunday for hu s departure , china s official xinhua news agency reported ."
"rather , the government has set three weeks a year as national holidays ."
"beijing is most conveniently seen by taxi , but keep in mind that you contribute to the city s ever present shroud of smog with every trip ."
"authority to make a film of it , translate it , sell it abroad , etc"
"the incoming prime minister , iyad allawi , said his government would soon negotiate a crucial agreement on the status of u . s . led international forces that will remain in iraq ."
"this month living golf talked to one of the sport s most impressive , and youngest , prospects , ryo ishikawa , who turned 17 last september ."
"excerpts of the diaries , which reagan kept during his two terms in office from 1981 1989 , were published in the june issue of vanity fair magazine , which went on newsstands in new york and los angeles wednesday . read excerpts from reagan s diaries"
daiwa sushi and iwasa sushi are exceptional .
"secretary of state condoleezza rice on thursday urged seoul to use its leverage to bring north korea back to the negotiating table , saying that she did not come to south korea to dictate what seoul should do ."
british courts have refused to extradite berezovsky to moscow .
"the lingering controversy over the potential conflict of interest involving shaha riza , who is on the payroll of the world bank , has prompted a growing chorus of voices calling for his resignation ."
it fuels inappropriate speculation and creates undue anxiety for families and communities while wasting valuable investigative time and resources that could be spent on the main investigations .
"the constitution does not require presidents to be sworn in on a bible , though almost every chief executive since george washington has chosen to do so ."
the marriage license is good for 90 days .
that s not what my life is all about .
"in the busy shorja market in central baghdad a roadside bomb killed three people and wounded five others , according to a baghdad police official ."
the world s major economic powers were forced into action after weeks of turmoil on financial markets saw trillions wiped off the value of stocks .
"the 122 billion bill would fund the wars in iraq and afghanistan but order bush to begin bringing some troops home right away , with the goal of ending combat missions by march 31 , 2008 ."
"other people , i don t know the right way to say this , but they think it s more sexual , kind of . they don t understand just the being free with your body and being comfortable ."
the time to make our decisions to become viable is now .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"clues include odd or unusual behavior or details of a family tradition that s suddenly absent . about two years ago , mckeever and her four siblings realized their mother , anne goins , was repeating the same story to each of them , almost every 20 minutes ."
flying with the flu ?
"thursday , lexi was hospitalized after complaining that her feet hurt ."
agency for international development usaid said on wednesday it will be obliged to halt food shipments if world food program wfp officials are made to leave the country .
"and other ex soviet states , the agency said in a statement ."
germany is criss crossed by a series of autobahns in what some critics say is a close approximation of a swastika
nato and afghan troops have killed 53 suspected terrorists .
while saudi arabia is generally believed to have the ability to pump about 2 million more barrels a day the world s only significant remaining spare production capacity barakat said they are keeping that in reserve in case of a real supply disruption .
patients lying everywhere
"police said the statue , which depicts two lifeguards sitting on a bench , was discovered undamaged in some bushes a few blocks from madoff s million dollar palm beach estate ."
seasonal winds lasting from late february to april or may combine with dry winter weather to pick up millions of tons of sand from china s northern deserts .
political and militia leaders say they have made progress in talks to curb the violence that was sparked by the bombing of a major shiite shrine .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the obama administration wants to promote dialogue with iran , but israel worries that could lead to greater tolerance for iran s nuclear ambitions ."
"music , singing and crowd applauding miss america 2009 is 22 year old miss indiana ."
"once the reactor is disabled , a peace process involving the united states , china and the two koreas could begin , he said . but a full normalization of relations with north korea would not take place until there is full de nuclearization on the korean peninsula , he said ."
wealthy middle eastern businessmen and leaders also have a strong presence at the top .
"zheng has only won three titles on the wta tour in her career , and her best previous grand slam performance came at the 2004 french open when she reached the fourth round ."
gul is set to win the third round of voting when the ak party only needs an absolute majority to secure the post . in the previous two rounds in the chamber they failed because a two thirds majority was required .
"some witnesses have stated that the individual was trying to retrieve something he had lost , sheth said in the statement . others reported that he was trying to touch the ride . this is merely speculation at this point , and we are working with park visitors and local police to learn more ."
"in a bad day for the astana team , his super domestique andreas kloeden injured his coccyx in a separate incident ."
"a rare swarm of comets rained over north america about 12 , 900 years ago , sparking fires that produced choking , leading to the extinction of a large range of animals , including mammoths , across north america , the report said ."
"but the united states still holds the top spot as the country with the most billionaires americans account for 42 percent of the world s billionaires and 37 percent of the total wealth , according to forbes ."
"clinton also claimed the majority of women s votes , according to the polling ."
"we think a dynamic of return to work has begun , sncf spokeswoman julie vion said ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn a massive blast targeting the danish embassy in pakistan monday killed at least six people and wounded as many as 18 , authorities said ."
the state department spokesman has been serving in his current capacity since may of 2000 .
"to hit a shot like that at the buzzer , at home , wow !"
flying with the flu ?
"thousands are missing , while an estimated 280 , 000 others are unable to return to their homes that the storm wiped away in the impoverished south asian nation ."
flying with the flu ?
xinhua issued several reports sunday saying life was returning to normal in areas where protests took place in the wake of the lhasa riots .
abe s decision on wednesday triggered surprise and criticism .
"in missouri , where 150 , 000 utility customers lost power , the governor declared a state of emergency ."
"death to those who have abducted the south koreans , the crowd shouted ."
pelosi said the us commitment in iraq had no end in sight and there should be no more blank checks .
"she has amassed a campaign debt of about 22 million , but about 12 million of that is money the new york senator loaned to the campaign herself ."
"odinga said that , despite all the violence , he would be prepared in a new government to work with , but not under , kibaki ."
"technically , that would even include the organization s crown jewel , ichiro ."
order of the phoenix has earned more than 150 million in fewer than 10 days .
"having become the youngest player to win a japan tour event , aged just 15 , ishikawa turned pro at the beginning of 2008 and already has his sights set on the big names ."
"aeros plans to begin testing a non rigid airship , the aeros 40d , in 2008 to demonstrate the helium compression and decompression system ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"indexes in germany , france and britain all have been down more than 8 ."
"whatever the underlying causes they have to be addressed , but this senseless violence is not a solution ."
"since the fighting started , there has been a spate of bombings in and around beirut including one monday evening on an empty passenger bus in a christian suburb that wounded 10 passers by ."
"at 0030 gmt , the center of the typhoon was 70 kilometers 43 miles southwest of the eastern coast of hualien county , with sustained winds of 155 km 97 miles per hour and gusts up to 191 km 120 miles per hour ."
dictator general pervez musharraf has announced three days of national mourning .
the visit was made after a u . s . court terminated his probation status last month .
"played before a crowd of 35 , 000 under drizzling rain at chengdu sports center stadium , the game between the top ranked americans and fifth ranked north korea asia s best team and the quickest in the 16 team world cup field lived up to expectations ."
"but ukraine s natural gas company , naftogaz , said in a statement it reserves the right to resort to adequate and asymmetrical measures to defend the interests of ukrainian consumers ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the winds that were expected have arrived . the worst has happened , said mark savage of the los angeles county fire department ."
"still , the small number of striking workers was able to disrupt services because it represented train drivers , conductors , and others crucial to the operation of the lines ."
almost everyone we talked with did not agree .
he thinks obama s smart and flexible .
"fbi agents arrested blagojevich on december 9 after federal prosecutors alleged , among other things , that he had tried to sell obama s former senate seat ."
pasni is 400 km west of the port city of 12 million people where about 230 were killed on the weekend .
"but , abe s remark appears to be only an effort to deflect u . s . criticism over comments he made last month that there was no proof the government or the military had forced the women , many of them korean , to serve japanese soldiers in the brothels ."
"bulldozer , who promised to save the economy , won him a landslide victory ."
first set point when hewitt dumped a backhand into the net .
"the girl is joined to a parasitic twin who stopped developing in the mother s womb , while the surviving fetus absorbed the limbs , kidneys and other body parts of the undeveloped fetus ."
"in a joint declaration entitled statement of appeal to 70 million compatriots , members of the delegations said true liberation will be complete only when the division of the korean peninsula is overcome ."
wen s visit is the first by a chinese premier since 2000 .
a strong earthquake in central japan has damaged a large nuclear power plant causing a leak of radioactive material .
"but if the mariners really want to shake things up , they should seriously consider trading ichiro , the international icon who has three tools that are among the best in baseball"
load of explosives with enough power to blow up a skyscraper was delivered to a local news service by an unidentified man who said he found them in a garbage can in suwon .
"at no time was anyone in serous risk and at no time were the cars separated from the line , wright said ."
"with the move by the united states we will also fulfill our action for action principle and resume the disabling of the yongbyon nuclear facilities and allow inspectors from the united states and the iaea international atomic energy agency to resume their responsibilities , the statement said ."
the emphatic victory for rudd s labor party swings australia toward the political left and puts it at odds with key security ally washington on two crucial policy issues iraq and global warming .
"uribe , washington s top ally in south america , last week abruptly canceled chavez s role as a mediator in negotiations with colombia s marxist rebels over freeing hostages , sparking a war of words between the two leaders ."
asakusa is the place to be in late august if you want to see the ancient japanese art of . . . samba .
"rock star prince will play 21 concerts in london later this year and plans to take time off music to study the bible , he announced on tuesday ."
the army later said maj . gen . eric b . schoomaker will take command of walter reed and the north atlantic regional medical command .
president bush has complained that iran s quds force a paramilitary arm of iran s revolutionary guards has helped orchestrate attacks on iraqi and u . s . forces inside iraq .
the compromise with the opposition liberals lessens the likelihood of an early national election .
a galactic train wreck in the offing .
"when asked if the u . s . commitment is enough , guterres said , the dimension of the problem is so huge that nothing is anytime enough , but i think it s a very good start ."
he osman is safe and well and with our staff in somalia .
"denise gallas , the treasurer of de carli s parish , said thursday that the priest s family chartered a twin engine plane ."
and president barack obama says the very existence of the prison serves as a recruiting tool for the al queda network
according to the liverpool echo web site 28 year old club captain and england international gerrard spent the night in police custody and was still being quizzed about the claims on monday .
"for net access , there will still be a battle between dsl and cable technologies ."
"conservative forces have often questioned roh s ideology , emphasizing that his father in law was a communist ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the taleban have also said they want south korea s 200 troops to leave although seoul already plans to take its troops out by the end of the year .
"he said rhys meyers had chatted with everybody who wanted to meet him back stage , and was drinking nothing more threatening than a big mug of milky tea ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"cbo s report concludes that the cost of the president s plan to surge troops will be higher than previously indicated , both in dollar terms and in the burdens it places on our military , spratt , d south carolina , said in a written statement ."
experts from washington and pyongyang met in beijing on tuesday and wednesday to discuss the financial restrictions the united states imposed over the north s alleged counterfeiting of u . s . currency and money laundering .
lima s last words are go !
"in the coastal districts of bagerhat , barisal and bhola , residents said the storm flattened thousands of flimsy straw and mud huts , and uprooted trees and electric poles ."
"there will also be cross checks with more than 800 , 000 pieces of information relating to suspects wanted by the japanese authorities and the international police organization interpol ."
"public outcry and unrest over the fraud led to three deaths last week , including one investor s suicide ."
"since yang became ceo , yahoo s stock price has declined by 25 percent while google shares have surged by more than 15 percent ."
"some had stated that they had been hung from the ceiling , he said ."
"the latest new tvs , mp3 players , computers and pretty much any other shiny and expensive gadget you can think of will be on display next week in las vegas , nevada , long before they make their way to your local big box electronic store ."
i m talking now as a prime minister and not as a member of the party . . . .
it all had an orderly start .
the judge said in her ruling that the suspects might try to flee italy if released .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"children who are born in the united states are not deported , he said , although we recognize that , in almost all cases , the child will accompany the parent back ."
i missed thanksgiving .
"people are often wary of dark dogs because it s difficult to read their expressions , said paul nicosi , the dog behavior specialist at bide a wee animal shelter in new york city ."
"kraft says she enjoyed her maiden voyage on the train , which came courtesy of a local home builder that bought group tickets in one of the club cars . i loved the convenience of the train , she says ."
synthetic resins refer to materials used to make vinyl and various kitchen containers .
"my heart goes out to my friend dr . bruce kennedy and all involved with this terrible incident , he said ."
"zimbabwe police detained tsvangirai , the mdc s presidential contender , earlier wednesday , less than a month before the run off election against president robert mugabe , a police spokesman said ."
"we discussed it and he said he wouldn t go out and get drunk no more unless it was with me , smith wrote in the diaries , which span about a year from early 1991 to 1992 ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"thousands of ecstatic pakistanis , waving placards and singing , took to the streets tuesday as the results began trickling in ."
"i met him years later , stone said ."
all this new wealth has generated some interesting conflicts .
officials said harry had begun the selection process and would find out next month whether he had been accepted for training .
"and there is no problem in u . s . forces korea support , which will not be reduced at all ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
o clee warned that in its present form the proposal does little to address the rights of donor conceived children .
"the government has designated four sites in the nation s midsection as candidates for president roh moon hyun s controversial plan to build a new administrative capital , according to the korea herald ."
"the hands that assassinated rafik hariri and the other freedom martyrs are the same evil hands and the same evil apparatuses that committed this crime today and assassinated walid eido , saad hariri said ."
the korea times reports the nation s top cultural policymaker urged left leaning leaders of cultural organizations appointed under the roh moo hyun administration to step down .
"the blast seriously injured a lawyer standing nearby , but his injuries are not life threatening , french interior minister michele alliot marie said"
the decision immediately triggered the resignation of popular foreign and defense minister jose ramos horta .
"rice said president bush had kept his promise to remain committed to israel s security , and she characterized the alliance between the two nations as one of the most vital relationships the united states has ."
a famous call for american independence from britain .
the american heart association says hs crp may signal an increased risk for heart attacks .
"he is reduced to being a figurehead brought out by aides to try to show that at 76 , he is still healthy and relevant ."
"dominguez said his daughter lexi , 14 , was the first to hear the helicopter overhead ."
"however , the campaign is over ."
"full power television stations will turn off their analog signal on february 17 , 2009 , after which they will broadcast in digital only ."
verbeek will start his new job after a short break from this weekend .
"one diver says when it was over , the goose waddled away and joined the rest of the flock for a swim ."
"then news reports yesterday said that the gnp is preparing to replace more than half the incumbent lawmakers in park s traditional stronghold region , the gyeongsang provinces ."
"freud , 85 , has been described as britain s greatest living realist painter ."
"a 13th century private residence , the 12 room hotel retains much of its original appeal thanks to hand painted floor tiles , heavy wooden shutters and idiosyncrasies like nooks and sloped ceilings ."
"harrods department store owner and egyptian multimillionaire mohamed al fayed was questioned by police wednesday , a store spokeswoman said , after london metropolitan police said a man had been questioned in connection with an allegation of sexual assault on a girl under 16 ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
so sharp is the decline that governments from the region are scrambling to protect their traditional fare from becoming an endangered species .
the orphanage was evacuated and its officials declined to comment .
"the car just passed so fast , and all of a sudden i just heard people screaming , said the boy s mother , denise jackson ."
the sources said the two countries are close to reaching an agreement to establish two separate commands replacing the current combined forces command after south korea regains wartime operational control of its troops from the u . s . military .
the 33 year old has played 727 matches for united since his debut in march 1991 against everton with only sir bobby charlton 759 playing more games for the club .
"with that in mind , his team has developed a treadmill desk that lets you walk while you work , and it has already been tested in real workplaces ."
yet ukraine will suffer the effects of the 1986 chernobyl accident for years to come
"plans for two supersonic business jets are circulating at the paris air show this week , a measure of how far the market has recovered from a slump after the attacks of sept . 11 , 2001 ."
"the giant dipper . constructed in 1924 in 47 days , this wooden beauty of a roller coaster is the signature ride of santa cruz ."
"when a clerk lifted a bottle by its neck , the cap came loose ."
"holder , who is still being vetted , has indicated he will accept the job if it is offered , the sources said ."
the only way to avoid a collapse of the u . s . auto industry is for the executive branch to step in .
"kanda holds the world record for the longest duration balloon flight , with a time of 50 hours and 38 minutes , according to the world air sports federation ."
"lidge worked the ninth for his 47th save in 47 chances this year , silencing the rays and their cowbell clanging fans ."
"the u . n . high commissioner for refugees said on monday that more than 12 , 000 people have fled militia attacks over the last few days from sudan s darfur region to neighboring chad , still recovering from a recent attempt by rebels there to topple the government ."
"on wednesday , the government announced the latest steps in its bid to achieve the financial hub plan , including providing tax breaks to promote mergers and acquisitions m as between financial companies ."
"specifically , he wants guarantees in the constitution that the country won t be split into sunni , shiite and kurdish federal states that he says will disadvantage sunnis ."
that s when prosecutors said armento shot the officer through the heart with his . 357 magnum .
"lenovo , just starting to turn around its u . s . operations , said on tuesday it was in exclusive talks to buy pc maker packard bell bv which claims third place in the european consumer computer market but which analysts estimate is ranked seventh or eighth from principal owner john hui ."
"bush took a decision in this area that i would not hesitate to call historic , chirac said ."
chavez said the threat to include us on the terrorist list is washington s response to his government s successes in the region .
then i started making films and i never ended up doing musical theater .
"the actor says obama and clinton have each pretended to eat cheese steak sandwiches and go bowling , committed gaffes and distanced themselves from supporters who could damage their campaigns ."
"though odell could not leave the iron lung , she was able to be moved in the machine ."
"palestinian president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert will travel to annapolis , maryland , next week where they hope to jump start the long dormant mideast peace process ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"hen harriers are some of the most at risk birds in the united kingdom with fewer than 20 breeding pairs in england , according to the royal society for the protection of birds ."
monks from the greek orthodox and armenian denominations were preparing for a ceremony at the church of the holy sepulcher in the old city when a disagreement led to a full fledged fistfight .
"national guard troops gathered outside the central university of venezuela , the nation s largest and a center for opposition to chavez s government ."
the problem is extensive enough for the indian health ministry to be developing new legislation that lawmakers hope will stop the illegal organ trade .
"the couple , who earn just 1 a day as casual laborers , wanted her to have the operation but were unable to pay for the rare procedure , which has never before been performed in india ."
"china paid for the reconstruction of grenada s stadium , which was destroyed by hurricane ivan in 2004 , and some 500 chinese workers helped rebuild the venue in time to host cricket world cup matches in april ."
draft likely to be reduced
former vice president al gore says a house measure aimed at curbing the gases blamed for global warming is one of the most important bills ever in congress .
"she died from blunt trauma to the head , a prosecutor said tuesday ."
how dare you cheapen the experience for them and for the hundreds of thousands of other people across sweden who weren t at ullevi and have only your review to go on . write the truth . it was a good show .
"in another development , iraq s prime minister says he plans to release 2 , 500 prisoners ."
"rachel smith , a journalism graduate from tennessee , was crowned miss usa , edging out 50 other aspiring beauty queens in a contest to replace a titleholder whose reign was nearly marred by a scandal ."
snow is correct that even the president s critics have to acknowledge that some lawmakers in both parties came from august trips to iraq saying they had seen some progress on the ground .
the number of casualties is likely to rise as the 10 other workers were locked inside the engulfed underground facilities until the blaze was brought under control at 8 p . m .
"in the meantime , experts say there are natural ways business travelers can combat the effects of jet lag . here are some to keep in mind before you travel ."
all of the top ten metro areas by per capita auto theft rates are in western states .
"the namibian government sold almost eight tons of ivory for 1 . 2 million , said willem wijnstekers , the secretary general of cites , the international agreement covering the trade of endangered species ."
they were joined by other demonstrators critical of how china forcefully deports north korean refugees back to their impoverished country when they escape into china .
"in 1996 , when the british broadcasting corp . aired a short documentary on the same subject , archaeologists challenged the claims ."
black leaders criticized her for saying martin luther king s dream of equality came true when president lyndon johnson signed the civil rights act in 1964 .
"the attacks came on the sixth day of israeli air strikes against gaza , which is tucked between israel and egypt and has been used as a staging ground for sporadic rocket attacks by hamas into israel ."
han is said to be wanting a partial privatization of state run firms by selling 20 percent to 30 percent of their shares on the stock market through initial public offerings .
"in neighboring kandahar province , a clash left 10 suspected militants and one policemen dead , said sayed afghan saqib , kandahar provincial police chief ."
trezeguet is stop scorer in italy s serie a with 17 goals and is also france s third all time highest scorer with 34 goals .
"a third was supposed to have been stoned to death . however , he freed himself by climbing out of the stone hole ."
"gasoline supplies rose by 1 . 7 million barrels , significantly more than the 300 , 000 barrel rise that analysts had forecast ."
"since mid april , at least 25 people have been hospitalized with salmonella saintpaul , an uncommon form of the bacteria ."
"in recent years , the un and other international agencies have been feeding up to six million of the poorest and most vulnerable north koreans . but these organizations have long struggled for access to one of the world s most closed societies ."
a slap on the wrist
"at the age of just 23 , kim is the youngest player in the top 30 , and ended the year ranked an impressive 12th in the world ."
"the dprk democratic people s republic of korea had exerted every possible effort to solve its nuclear issue through dialogue and negotiations , he told the delegates ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
karamanlis has suggested that the blazes might have been deliberately set by political extremists ahead of next month s elections .
living in a cage in hong kong
"the u . s . military said 11 people , thought to be a mix of insurgents and civilians , were killed near samarra when a u . s . helicopter crew fired on people who were setting up a roadside bomb ."
the diplomat confirmed reports in the british media that clapton had been officially invited to pyongyang the first such invitation to a western rock star to the isolated nation .
flying with the flu ?
the guild prize is a solid forecast for who might win the directing honor at the academy awards .
"in internet searches , stryde hax allegedly uncovered web pages showing lists complied by china s general administration of sport that show a 1994 date of birth for he . that would make her 14"
khieu samphan s lawyers have said they will appeal against his detention .
they were the first spanish casualties in lebanon .
writer director john carney s masterstroke is to make musicians the heart and soul of the picture
she married lyndon baines johnson later that year .
"the united nations and the royal government of cambodia remain actively engaged in efforts to hold the khmer rouge senior leaders and those most responsible accountable for their horrific crimes , he said ."
malaysia has urged the burmese military to drop preconditions for talks with pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi .
pirates off somalia have apparently fought off an attempt by somali forces to retake a ship seized for ransom last thursday .
adidas s pre tax profits for the second half of last year more than doubled on sales which rose by about 10 .
"jinzhu subsequently mated with a male in march 2007 and gave birth 142 days later , xinhua said ."
"last year , the group struck a deal with chavez to release three of them gonzalez , rojas and emanuel , rojas 3 year old son by one of the rebels ."
"this has been the most terrifying experience we ve had , gladys tarnawiecki told cnn from her home in lima ."
"the documents include hundreds of police reports taken from witnesses who describe seeing lights or strange objects in the sky , from southern england and wales up to northern ireland . the files released wednesday cover 1978 to 1987 ."
"brazil president luiz inacio lula da silva declared three days of national morning for the victims , according to reports from the associated press . witnesses said the plane skidded across a major road at rush hour ."
"to this place , and the kindness of these people , i owe everything , he quoted lincoln as writing about illinois ."
"it is , he says , a piece of art ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the korea development institute , in its september monthly report , said that the core problem of the korean economy is that it has no powerful industry to propel it to prosperity in the years ahead ."
"the lords had wanted an independent audit of the bank s accounts within three months , followed by annual checks ."
"while the current star of wisteria lane dished up fast food , her husband , tony parker of the san antonio spurs , was preparing for game 4 of the los angeles lakers spurs national basketball association playoff matchup in san antonio ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the torch will be carried about the city on thursday , and officials there have vowed not to cut the 20 km course despite threats of pro tibet protests ."
the only thing you get from drinking coffee is a caffeine buzz . why it s good for you
"i don t know , scorsese said . it s good to have a nomination , especially for this picture ."
"the government will send unarmed military engineer units and policemen to the area near camp humphreys , to seize control of the taechuri primary school that protesters have turned into a makeshift headquarters , a ministry spokesman said ."
"iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki has ordered the arrest of a top army officer after a string of bombings that killed more than 180 people wednesday , the prime minister s office announced ."
"whether iran proves to be responsible for that attack or not , al maliki said his country cannot be a proxy battleground for washington and tehran ."
"but white house press secretary dana perino , asked wednesday if the administration was about to remove the north from the list , said no . right now where we are is waiting on the north koreans to provide a complete and accurate declaration of their nuclear activities ."
"but thinking of france as a nation , i must say i have rarely identified with its priorities ."
"secretary of state colin powell echoed bush s remarks , calling kim s killing a senseless act ."
flying with the flu ?
the rise came despite numerous efforts over the past year to improve the mental health of a force stressed by a longer than expected war in iraq and the most deadly year yet in the now six year old conflict in afghanistan .
"the commission s first report was to be released later monday , but government officials confirmed an earlier tv report that the findings would be strongly critical of olmert and his defense minister , amir peretz ."
"seven labor unions went on strike late tuesday , angry over plans by french president nicolas sarkozy to reform pensions ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"no injuries were reported , evanson said , and the company said guests ate breakfast while the coast guard readied their departure ."
"at least 8 civilians have been killed , 74 others wounded today in a suicide attack on a u . s . military convoy in eastern afghanistan ."
"at this point , says dr . kevin sherin of the orange county health department who is investigating three deaths this summer in florida , it s progressing very rapidly and then there s a downhill course for them there ."
half of the upper house seats are being contested in the july 29 polls .
"the saudi insurgent threatened to rape our mothers and sisters , destroy our houses and kill our fathers if we did not cooperate with him , one of the youths told the associated press in mosul ."
specter further said during the abc interview that gonzales has a steep hill to climb and will face serious questions about his role in the firings .
"in seattle , he demanded and got 200 , 000 and four parachutes and demanded to be flown to mexico ."
an associated press review of historical documents and records shows american authorities permitted the official brothel system to operate despite internal reports that women were being coerced into prostitution .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"obama will do what s necessary to fix economy , aide says"
swine flu has broken out in new york city s rikers island .
it s going to hurt our economy and hurt jobs in america .
"the drug trade , economic development and the fate of 21 remaining south korean hostages held by the taliban are also likely to be high on the agenda ."
his continuing efforts to raise public concern about the environment led to the presentations that formed the core of an inconvenient truth .
"overall business surged , with the top 12 movies taking in 135 . 3 million , up 39 percent from the same weekend last year ."
"the meeting of technology and enology has democratized other areas as well , new york musician lane steinberg said ."
"while online communities in particular continue to grow through friendly social networking sites , underground cybercrime syndicates continue to thrive on these on screen relationships based on sharing and trust ."
"this is the strongest evidence yet for the existence of dark matter , astronomer myungkook james jee of johns hopkins university in baltimore told reporters ."
"reports also suggested his relationship with quinn had become strained , but in a statement on the club s web site keane gave no hint of a rift ."
"officials of hamas , which runs the palestinian government , said they had agreed a truce with fatah , loyal to palestinian leader mahmoud abbas ."
"if approved , it would need president abdullah gul s approval , which is expected ."
matsushita said there had been a rare problem in the process of manufacturing battery cells core components of battery packs rather than in the design of the batteries .
"the star duo have only completed one match between them so far this season . ronaldo being back is a big plus , said ferguson . you miss players who make a difference , who can change the pattern of a game and create opportunities for you ."
"the violence continued monday as four more bombs exploded in the region , killing one person and injuring 18 more ."
musa qala saw intense battles between taliban fighters and british troops last summer and fall .
the kremlin has said those accusations are nonsense and senior officials say the litvinenko affair has been used by president vladimir putin s enemies to damage russia s image .
"the jury prize went to at five in the afternoon , by 23 year old directing prodigy samira makhmalbaf of iran ."
"lee , commonly referred by fans and players as hulk , had declared after a home match with the lg twins on april 29 that he would run the grounds in his underwear if a game among the next 10 scheduled at the munhak stadium sold out ."
the show begins at 9 p . m . et wednesday on e !
living in a cage in hong kong
women had certain dresses and jackets to wear just for flying in the airplane .
"i am loyal to the police department and the university , he told mainstreetnewspapers . com ."
a jury is to be selected in october when the inquest formally opens .
"and though there are any number of bloggers and commenters who attempt to keep their postings and responses on a civil level , all too often interactive web sites descend into ad hominem attacks , insults and plain old name calling ."
ronaldo added a spectacular second just three minutes later with an unstoppable free kick over a static portsmouth wall that left james no chance .
"with the 4 0 series whitewash , chicago advanced past the first round for the first time in nine years ."
it is not only part of our territory but our own soil of a historic significance where 40 years of painful history is engraved vividly .
maliki earlier vowed that he would continue the fight against the militias for as long as was necessary .
walker says he gave the decision a lot of thought .
"no , i think that they played the race card on me , said clinton , and we now know from memos from the campaign and everything that they planned to do it all along . listen to the full interview"
"on tuesday and wednesday , army and police rescue teams searched as many at 20 miles 30 kilometers downstream , looking for bodies ."
the quick turnaround comes only days after the united states removed north korea from its list of states that sponsor terrorism .
"a pipe broke , severing power cables to the lift and trapping workers at the bottom of a 2 . 2km shaft ."
7 . typos
"the advice on feeding the dolls is even more spurious , encouraging them to feed the dolls every now and then even though they want to keep their bimbos waif thin ."
"content hawks like eisner argued that people pay for entertainment , not distribution"
"the most controversial amendment would do away with term limits , thereby allowing the 53 year old former paratrooper , who has already served almost eight years in power , to hold it indefinitely as long as he is re elected ."
"the bbc said the two asian governments would pay around 740 pence for each barclays share , 3 . 7 percent above friday s closing price of 713 . 5 pence ."
the u . s . state department echoed the president s sentiment and congratulated kibaki on his re election .
"bhutia is from india s northeastern sikkim state , which borders china ."
the southern tourists usually shy away from political debate .
yeltsin was a decent man and he could not stand political intrigues .
the justice department and cia investigations are subject to white house control and are not expected to show any wrongdoing .
"the adventurous views of dave evans , chief technologist at business solutions company cisco systems , highlight the types of changes we could soon see in airports and indeed the new features we may witness in spaceports ."
he wanted to pursue all of wmd . . . to reconstitute his entire wmd program .
"the dalai lama said wednesday he is happy to attend this summer s olympic games in beijing , china , if he is invited ."
lawrence summers tells abc s this week there s nothing the government can do legally to prevent those bonuses
they aim to explain theoretical physics in an accessible way to youngsters .
"clinton is favored in kentucky , while polls show obama with a comfortable lead in oregon ."
"whether iran proves to be responsible for that attack or not , al maliki said his country cannot be a proxy battleground for washington and tehran ."
"some companies recommend that workers adopt english names so that they can be addressed by their names rather than the korean custom of attaching a suffix to the surname , such as kim , managing director , who would be called manager kim in korean ."
a u . s . delegation pressed north korea on monday to shut down its main nuclear reactor and allow in u . n . inspectors even as the top american negotiator said it would be difficult for a weekend deadline on the closure to be met .
the billionaire sports tycoon has decided instead to press ahead with his own plans for the north east giants under current manager joe kinnear .
the spate of killings in bittsa park in southwestern moscow began in 2001 and terrorized the russian capital .
"the white house says it s willing to help , but"
the government also said it will overhaul supervisory rules on the financial market to be on a par with those of advanced countries .
"of the long term debt , 13 billion was in asset backed securities ."
"united reached the fifth round by beating tottenham hotspur 3 1 with cristiano ronaldo scoring twice , while arsenal saw off newcastle 3 0 ."
apple has sold more than six billion songs on itunes since 2003 .
flying with the flu ?
"the population division warned , however , that the latest projections depend on ensuring that couples have access to family planning and that efforts to halt the current spread of the hiv aids epidemic are successful ."
"although william swope , intel s director of corporate affairs said philanthropy is the reason for the partnership announced friday with one laptop per child ."
"political leaders confrontations , da silva said . there is no progress . there are no job opportunities for the young people , and that was the cause of the crisis last year ."
"voters got to look at both of us , consider both of us . i was outspent three to one , and the results were just enormously exciting and gratifying to me , she added ."
an all american sign of the recession
"the previous warden and an assistant warden resigned , and three others were reassigned after an inmate was beaten and choked by guards in march ."
"we believe that your plans . . . are a gross and disproportionate infringement upon civil liberties , copying the most ineffective , costly and risky practices on border management from around the world , the letter said ."
"police were called to the plant located in southern long an province in the mekong delta when a brawl broke out and it was closed , lap said ."
"the fda said the deaths it is investigating so far all involve children , mostly cerebral palsy patients being treated for spasticity in their legs ."
"while not invisible to radar , the f 117 s shape and coating greatly reduced its detection ."
academy award winner michael moore s controversial documentary fahrenheit 9 11 opened in theatres in korea during the weekend .
"but after french president nicolas sarkozy intervened , chad handed them over to france to serve their sentences ."
"the centerpiece of bush s brazilian stop the first before he headed on to uruguay , colombia , guatemala and mexico was a new ethanol development agreement ."
1 if you re going to find common ground .
but there s a downside .
"correspondents say the blue collar vote will be crucial in the ohio and texas contests , and the new york senator has already begun targeting lower income workers in her campaign ads ."
"mechanical engineering professor masayuki nakao said thursday that he and his students at the university of tokyo used a carbon based material to produce a noodle bowl with a diameter of 1 25 , 000 of an inch ."
"carbon sciences believe they have made a breakthrough with their technology , which they say can transform co2 back into basic fuel building blocks efficiently ."
"this is an important milestone in the opening of china s financial markets , fok said ."
we re only asked one question to this government
"on the second day of a joint festival in seoul to commemorate the 60th anniversary of korea s liberation from japan s 1910 1945 colonial rule , the representatives of the two koreas strongly criticized japan s history distortion and urged japan to stop paying homage at the yasukuni shrine which honors japanese war dead along with convicted war criminals ."
"northrop , an aerospace and defense company , says the idea is for teachers to take their exhilarating experience back to their classrooms and inspire in their students a love of science ."
"the korea times quoted president roh moo hyun as saying tuesday that south korea will not sign a free trade agreement fta with the united states unless it brings about benefits for the people , instructing officials to negotiate solely from an economic point of view ."
"our warren levinson is watching the stock numbers go up , despite all the consumer pessimism and other gloomy economic news ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
she was born just a generation past slavery
"the author of at least 19 novels , many of them best sellers , as well as dozens of short stories , essays and plays , vonnegut relished the role of a social critic ."
an american classic .
widespread use can t be achieved without making us fearful that it s going to become addictive .
"separate aims and positions , including on the north s nuclear standoff , blocked a full agreement at the first inter korean talks in 10 months and the two sides decided to slate a third round of negotiations today ."
"the country has come to have nuclear and other strong military weapons to deal with increased nuclear threats by the u . s . imperialists , according to the yonhap news agency which monitors north korean broadcasts ."
"across the internet , election watchers were discussing , celebrating and bemoaning the political process inside such virtual worlds and on social networking sites and blogs ."
"sandor ferenci , 28 , was approached by police after a motorist saw him speeding on his powerful motorcycle and noted his registration number ."
"the fact that this has become such a important part of your campaign , senator mccain , says more about your campaign than it says about me ."
"as hollywood stars such as gwyneth paltrow and penelope cruz grace the red carpet at the 52nd london film festival , the uk s capital city shows it has become a thriving , creative hub for filmmaking ."
"the wine importing business is also murky with gray market bootleggers and improperly stored bottles , making locally produced wine an attractive option ."
"many of the accidents are blamed on mine owners who disregard safety rules and fail to invest in required ventilation , fire control and other equipment ."
"beaufort , south carolina cnn the military sunday identified the u . s . navy blue angels aviator who died in saturday s crash as lt . cmdr . kevin davis ."
they then made him strip to his underwear to ensure he was unarmed before detaining him .
"cnn united nations envoy ibrahim gambari met sunday with myanmar s detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi in an effort to quell recent tensions between the country s military leaders and protesters , the u . n . confirmed in a news release ."
the white house is working on a bailout plan for the auto industry after congress failed to pass a 14 billion proposal .
he insisted there was no evidence the data had fallen into the hand of criminals and said police were involved in the hunt for the missing disks .
"bush , like millions of others , has already cast his ballot by absentee ."
stealth technology used on the f 117 was developed in the 1970s to help evade enemy radar .
roh made the remarks in response to bush s praise for the korean troops humanitarian and reconstruction operations in the middle eastern country .
the ap has obtained a copy of his convention confession .
"seven people who came into contact with the skins received antibiotics as a precautionary measure , the uk s press association reported , but the hpa said no one had developed symptoms ."
instead it was chelsea who grabbed the glory on the night and wright phillips told sky sports
"in the past two presidential elections , pre election polling in pennsylvania showed strong support for democrats al gore and john kerry , but both candidates ended up carrying the state by narrow margins ."
"while he supports president bush s decision to oust saddam hussein and his regime in iraq , former president bill clinton says the timing was all wrong ."
"pyongyang , north korea cnn a day after releasing details of its long secret nuclear program , north korea on friday destroyed a highly visible tower at a facility where officials now acknowledge they extracted plutonium to build nuclear weapons , according to reports ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"for truckers in paranagua , brazil s second largest port for agricultural products ."
"they re very happy . my brother ghulam rasul is holding his two sons , crying and kissing them ."
"new york ap harry potter star daniel radcliffe , who strips for his new role in london s west end revival of the play equus , has ignited a bit of a media firestorm by posing for racy promotional photos for the production ."
"redmond based microsoft has invested heavily in honing its own search engine and advertising technology , but neither it nor yahoo have helped close the gap with google , which dominates microsoft and yahoo in u . s . search queries and related advertising revenue ."
a senior political source in jerusalem told haaretz that israel was incensed by reports that the suspects had been freed last week .
"he was well fed , healthy , yet slightly built , standing at 5 feet , 6 inches tall at the time of his death ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
news services placed the turnout rate at 84 . 6 percent .
a us federal court recently received a part of confiscated assets held by a korean american facing extradition to south korea this month .
"an erupting volcano sent ash and steam nearly three miles into the air tuesday , while mud and rocks raced down the mountainside and injured at least three people , officials said ."
but sen obama s victory in iowa last week has boosted his campaign .
the company was established in 1996 but has shown no business transactions since then .
"freezing rain , meanwhile , glazing streets and highways in the chicago area ."
some chinese worry that the law has led to a gender imbalance .
"critics say the deal effectively ceded the area to militants , and some u . s . military officials say it was followed by a rise in attacks in afghanistan ."
"after customs officials seized the money , they turned zapeta over to the immigration and naturalization service ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn once celebrated for cameras that made their own prints , polaroid corp . plans to update the concept this year by selling a portable printer for images on cell phones and digital cameras ."
others are covered because they use a major credit card .
seong said north korea s abandonment of nuclear arms programs and peaceful relations between the two koreas were preconditions for implementing the assistance plan .
the discovery of anabolic steroids in pro wrestler chris benoit s home has raised speculation that the performance enhancing drugs may be linked to his death and the killings of his wife and young son .
"the arrival of food for up to 70 , 000 people has also coincided with a cholera outbreak among some of the tens of thousands of refugees fleeing the area ."
one example is the flight of u . s . manufacturing operations abroad .
draft likely to be reduced
"it had been feared that women and children might be among the casualties , but army spokesman maj gen waheed arshad said none had been found among the bodies ."
"nabors let the store s mega millions terminal choose his numbers for him the winning combination was the sixth set out of 10 , he said ."
"the hamas television station al aqsa showed the body of nizar rayan , one of the main founders of hamas and a commander in northern gaza , being pulled from the rubble of his house in jabaliya , north of gaza city ."
"soviet and u . s . nuclear submarines have often traveled under the polar icecap , but no one has so far reached the seabed under the pole , where depths exceed 4 , 000 meters 13 , 100 feet ."
"vancouver , british columbia cnn a new case of mad cow disease was confirmed in canada , its 13th case since 2003 ."
"las vegas has the highest rate of auto theft per capita of any metropolitan area in the country , according to data from the national insurance crime bureau ."
the fed reduced its key rate from 2 percent to 1 . 5 percent .
internet users and company officials in china on wednesday blamed a series of disruptions to cross border email traffic on adjustments to the country s vast internet surveillance system .
"when cortisol dips , there s a surge of two feel good brain chemicals , serotonin and dopamine ."
"previously , the legal drinking age for usfk personnel was twenty , according to korean law ."
"they said , however , they were handling the investigation themselves and police are not involved ."
"it s no secret that the road ahead , particularly 2009 , is going to test our mettle , said lpga commissioner carolyn bivens ."
"mark coakley , the general register for henrico county said the turnout in his richmond area county was record breaking ."
"there , a group of some 15 insurgents publicly chanted death to al qaeda ."
"the speed with which this storm is developing is forcing us to react as fast as we can , ranulfo marquez , veracruz s deputy secretary for public safety , told the associated press ."
sea lions swim circles around us in the water .
six cruise missiles armed with nuclear warheads were mounted on the bomber s wings before it was flown to louisiana .
"in a joint news conference , the us military commander in iraq reaffirmed his belief that iraqi forces could take over security within 18 months ."
new york cnn a piece of outer space named for george takei is in kind of a rough neighborhood for somebody who steers a starship an asteroid belt .
she was 43 years old at the time .
the somali pirates recently seized a saudi supertanker with 100 million gallons of oil .
she was detained shortly after arriving at the airport .
"according to his aides , han is expected to ask the chinese leaders to pay greater attention to difficulties faced by south korean enterprises investing in china ."
emanuel choked up as he said how glad he is his parents are alive to see him have the choice of becoming chief of staff for a historic figure .
probably we will see a tangible success or measurable success by easter time early april .
"masondo did not explicitly mention south africa s hiv aids crisis , which infects about one in nine of the country s adults , but analysts say the epidemic is directly to blame for rising mortality rates in the country ."
it s not like a . . . super collider or some search for neutrinos buried in the ice .
"odyssey is also recording data on radiation in low orbit around mars , to determine any radiation related risk to future human explorers ."
"senator clinton recently claimed that she s the most transparent figure in public life , yet she s dragging her feet in releasing something as basic as her annual tax returns , obama s communications director , robert gibbs , said in a statement ."
"cape canaveral , florida ap sometime in 2010 , the world s leading space exploring nation will say goodbye to manned space flight for more than four years ."
kate winslet s chances of winning her first academy award moved a step closer thursday as she was nominated twice in the leading actress category of the british film industry s annual awards .
the princely role offers a few advantages over being monarch .
"a helicopter crew that arrived late saturday found about a dozen of the whales injured but alive , said warwick brennan , a spokesman for the service ."
"along with the usual luxury amenities such as swimming pools , the building plans also call for car elevators so residents can park on their floors ."
"alphonsa , a nun from southern india , was 35 when she died in 1946 ."
"in terms of the curriculum , if it s a new york city public school , it has to go by new york city standards , said deborah howard . i m jewish . i would never be a part of a school that would in any way be involved with islamic fundamentalists ."
the legislation would bring in tighter border controls but offer 12m illegal immigrants a path to citizenship .
she also coached the 1988 olympic gold medal winning women s basketball squad .
former sen . john edwards has the support of 25 percent .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"babies as young as 6 to 10 months old showed crucial social judging skills before they could talk , according to a study by researchers at yale university s infant cognition center published in thursday s journal nature ."
early bird specials and marketing gimmicks drew bargain hunters to stores across the country friday in what retailers hoped would be a momentum building kickoff to the holiday shopping season .
"the dalai lama s role includes providing private teaching sessions with students and faculty during emory s study abroad program in dharamsala , india , and opportunities for university community members to attend his annual teachings ."
"the other two victims including the one who died were male bystanders who came to the aid of the woman during an altercation with a man who pulled out a gun , witnesses said ."
"the official , speaking on the condition of anonymity , said it was not clear whether washington s review was prompted by the report , but it may lead to unfreezing as much as half of north korea s funds , or 12 million ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the third candidate , salzburg , austria , was eliminated in the first round ."
"there was little damage around the vehicle and the hotel was not evacuated , police and a hotel official said ."
"limonov was freed late sunday , his office told cnn ."
"rats have all but wiped out the seabirds on about a dozen large islands and many smaller islands in the refuge , which is home to an estimated 40 million nesting seabirds ."
animated footage promoting the logo for the 2012 london olympic games was removed from the organizers web site on tuesday amid concern it could trigger epileptic fits .
but food protests now crop up even in italy .
"the criticism marked a reversal for the al qaeda leader , who had praised hezbollah s performance in the month long 2006 war between the shiite militia and israeli troops ."
tests came back negative .
"cambodian s prime minister said tuesday he was severing ties with his adopted daughter , who is a lesbian , but appealed to people not to discriminate against gay people ."
purr i really loved it .
"in his native south korea he is best known for brooding , soulful performances in romantic films and tv dramas ."
prosecutors have yet to conclude their investigation .
i was terrified on the train .
"in southern michigan , utility crews had restored power to all but 26 , 000 of 427 , 000 homes and businesses left without power two days earlier ."
a senior official at the pakistan atomic energy authority said the country was
"then , last week , the electors went to kandahar for the final voting ."
"but inside it s like a hamlet , with kids playing in the streets , and you know all your neighbors ."
"everybody looks at you funny , and you feel like you have a disease ."
"they deny any involvement in the disappearance , saying they believe madeleine may have been abducted by pedophiles and taken to north africa ."
officials said the new airline would provide employees great job security and stability in the face of rising fuel costs and competition .
"that s being done through plug in conversions and adding more powerful batteries to currently available gasoline electric hybrid cars , such as the toyota prius ."
she adds president bush is taking forceful steps to reverse the trend and america is positioned to bounce back .
the airwaves to be vacated by the analog transmissions will be auctioned by the federal government to providers who will use them for wireless broadband services .
president george w . bush will be near wall street today as he talks to world leaders about how to deal with the financial crisis .
"dunham passed away peacefully at her home shortly before midnight sunday night 5 a . m . et , campaign spokeswoman jen psaki told cnn ."
"and while the power cut method worked well , maasdriel doesn t plan on a deliberate repeat ."
"the first skull of the earliest known ancestor of the giant panda has been discovered in china , researchers report ."
"caracas , venezuela cnn the price of sin rose monday in venezuela where president hugo chavez is on a campaign to make venezuelans cut back on drinking and smoking ."
the rebels also said the government killed an infant and a 17 year old girl when warplanes bombed the area the same day .
"chong wa dae and residents of the chungchong provinces were at a loss as the ruling camp held emergency meetings to prepare for the fallout . the constitutional court on thursday ruled the government s plan to move the capital is unconstitutional , putting the brakes on the relocation project pursued by the roh moo hyun government as a key item on the national agenda ."
"there are crushing majorities that crush , dominant parties that dominate , absolute powers that govern absolutely , socialist leader francois hollande said ."
north korea has angrily denounced a united nations resolution condemning its missile tests and said it would build up its military arsenal .
"it was just a minor misunderstanding , stallone told reporters they were just doing their jobs . i just didn t understand some of the rules here ."
korea and the united states have made significant progress in the area of labor by finding common ground on handling labor disputes during the third day of the free trade agreement talks here yesterday .
"at this time , the entire island is aglow with lava and magma as it pours down into the sea . we do not have confirmation of how many people were on this island at the time of the eruption , allan said in an e mail ."
"bush is in lima , peru , for the annual meeting of the members of the asia pacific economic cooperation forum ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"though that element certainly still exists , now there are also a few very sophisticated restaurants and hotels the blue wing saloon and the tallman hotel , most notably , as well as 10 or so worthwhile wineries ."
the spider man series has maintained a high level of consistency throughout .
"copenhagen , denmark a danish football fan appeared in court on sunday after attacking referee herbert fandel in the dying moments of denmark s euro 2008 qualifying match against scandinavian rivals sweden ."
"the president spoke to reporters before meeting late tuesday with saudi king abdullah , whose country holds the world s largest supply of oil ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"much of her long life was lived in ohio , where she worked as a house mom at a state university ."
"some party members have called for political changes to accompany economic reforms , which have transformed china ."
there is such a demand for information on obama s style and outfits that there is a web site dedicated to that theme
i ve endured long car rides to a campus only to face a child who refused to get out of the car once we arrived .
"the defense ministry official told cnn that it was unusual for a commissioned officer to defect , although yonhap reported that an enlisted member of the north s korean people s army crossed the border last year ."
"he said talks must continue to help reach a compromise between the serbs who want kosovo remain within serbia s borders , and the ethnic albanians who seek independence ."
"el e is being tested by margeson and other patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , or als , also known as lou gehrig s disease . we named it el e because she reminds us of an elephant ."
"the increase in pasta prices is being driven by rising wheat prices worldwide , economists and producers say ."
"i was kinda losing a little hope , said ausnes ."
"i came here to clarify that mr . fujimori has no responsibility with the actions cited in this process , montesinos told court magistrates ."
"computer makers are recalling 100 , 000 laptop battery packs made by sony corp . after 40 reports of overheating , according to a u . s . consumer product safety commission notice thursday ."
"i will apply the law to everyone . . . on militias , political parties , on participants in the political process , he said ."
"chung , 54 , a former television news anchor and unification minister , earlier told reporters he humbly accepted the people s choice . i hope president elect lee myung bak will do a good job for the country ."
"annan , who is expected to arrive in nairobi tuesday , follows a visit by european union development commissioner louis michel , who met with kibaki and opposition leader raila odinga over the weekend ."
"two third country nationals were also wounded in the attack , but the military did not clarify their nationalities ."
"the epicenter of the latest quake was under the sea off java s southwestern coast , and buildings shook in surrounding areas as far away as the capital jakarta ."
"there will also be cross checks with more than 800 , 000 pieces of information relating to suspects wanted by the japanese authorities and the international police organization interpol ."
the black and white puppy makes a yelping sound as it flies through the air .
"the suspect had been a regular customer at the bank for the past year , giving the name carlos hector flomenbaum from argentina ."
"other super yachts featured in the gallery are australian businessman james packer s arctic p , and a french owned yacht which french president nicolas sarkozy has spent time enjoying on vacation ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"but by then the calls had been reported by other uk media , resulting in more than 15 , 000 messages of complaint to the bbc by wednesday ."
"opponents of same sex marriage have said a constitutional marriage amendment should be placed on the november ballot , and that national efforts should be made to generate a federal marriage amendment ."
"i love the fans because they have been brilliant with me , not just this season but every season . like i said before , i feel at home in manchester , he added ."
"we approached this product much like an automotive company might with a concept car , said mark johnson , radio flyer s product development manager ."
"police said initial investigations had found that a man driving the front cab of a similar style trailer , which also was stolen , had falsely presented himself to security as the legitimate driver ."
government officials said they received a warning that the island of java was threatened by a tsunami following an underwater earthquake off the coast .
"in a particularly disturbing incident , a mob appears to have burned a church filled with kenyans seeking refuge from the violence ."
this is your final warning .
"it s not the right time , roh said , stressing that resolving the north korean nuclear issue should precede a summit ."
"the coalition forces called in close air support , killing al badri and the three others , the release said ."
the government can search your sensitive personal information at the border .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the curious case of benjamin button , featuring brad pitt as a man who ages in reverse , also received 11 nominations ."
"founding member don henley said during a private weekend concert that the band was nearing completion on an album of all new material , the las vegas review journal reported on tuesday ."
defense department official said tuesday the united states will slightly reduce its troops in south korea following the planned transfer of its wartime control of the south korean armed forces to seoul .
he says there are so many rabbits they threaten to permanently damage the island s sensitive vegetation and its historical buildings .
the broader s p 500 index surrendered 1 . 1 percent and the nasdaq lost two percent .
"milan , italy cnn a stuntman was seriously injured in a car crash while filming an action sequence for the new james bond movie on a famously winding lakeside road in northern italy , a local official said thursday ."
"siljander is accused of lying to federal agents and prosecutors about his work for the group , which allegedly steered 260 , 000 to gulbuddin hekmatyar an ally of the taliban and al qaeda ."
flying with the flu ?
portuguese police are making a great effort .
there are a total of 226 members in the federal parliament .
"huh apologized for the deaths on tuesday morning but said he would not step down , and he repeated that statement after president roh moo hyun apologized to the nation later the same day for the deaths ."
"his prepared testimony , gonzales says , while reasonable people may dispute whether or not the actual reasons for these decisions were sufficient to justify a particular resignation , again , there is no factual basis to support the allegation , as many have made , that these resignations were motivated by improper reasons ."
"during the cretaceous period , gravitational pushes and pulls with the sun and other planets created a wobble in the earth s orbit , according to the ucla team s models ."
"speaking from the mccann s home village in rothley in leicestershire , spokesman david hughes said they have decided not to seek to use those funds for their legal support , the press association reported ."
"the owner , mauro gutierrez , told the associated press he would try to reach a friendly arrangement to pay the men s bills , estimated at 420 ."
ford also said the company needs to explore alliances with other carmakers .
he had been suffering at home for five days .
"the home s windows were blown out , entire sections demolished , and piles of concrete , ashy trees and shrubbery were scattered across the property ."
the ap s tony wittenberg reports that charlie crist may have a leg up on possible opponents
"most of the cuzco area lives off of agriculture , said gonzalo valderrama , 30 , a local anthropologist who joined the protests . just because there is more tourism investment , it does not necessarily benefit those who live in the surrounding state ."
he held the top ranking for a total of 80 weeks from 2001 to 2003 but has not won a grand slam title since and has slipped to 21st in the world .
"the government unveiled yesterday rescue measures for credit delinquents , including a rescheduling of debt owed by low income earners and writing off their interests ."
thaksin says he will step down if his party fails to win 50 of votes .
"until now , scientists have only been able to produce clones using cells from live animals ."
authorities want to control the flow of water rather than have the dam give way all at once by creating a spillway .
the drivers had staged wildcat strikes and traffic blockages for two days to protest plans by city officials to grant 500 new licenses .
"more than 90 percent of the donations were under 100 , and more than half were under 25 ."
"warren levinson , washington ."
"at a summit designed to bridge the divide between democrats and republicans , bloomberg said in january partisanship is limiting the nation s progress ."
washington wants to deploy interceptor rockets in poland and a radar base in the czech republic to counter what it describes as a potential threat from rogue states such as iran and north korea .
"elisabeth fahrni mansur , who works with the bangladesh cetacean diversity project , told cnn that the mammal was trapped in the low waters of a tidal channel ."
"we suspect there still may be people trapped under the wagons . we need heavy machinery , though , to lift these wagons , essone said ."
browne s love life has become the subject of scrutiny after chevalier sold his story to a british newspaper .
"and are unlikely to damage campaign signs again , as the incident scared them ."
"manchester united midfielder cristiano ronaldo escaped injury after wrecking his ferrari on the way to training on thursday , the premier league and european champions have confirmed . cristiano was involved in an incident this morning ."
"for weeks , tv stations have broadcast images of military trucks rumbling along the remote border , and trains transferring tanks and guns to bolster an already formidable force in the area ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"french voters have sent a warning to president nicolas sarkozy and his conservative government , favoring leftists in the first round of local elections that were seen as a test for his presidency and his reform agenda ."
"in april 2008 , trevor immelman took the masters title at just 28 years old ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"that allowed him privileges not given to other prisoners , including a larger cell , better food and other special conditions ."
"brody s victory was something of a surprise , as was the awarding of the best director oscar to roman polanski , also for the pianist ."
"many lawmakers say they support the idea of eliminating presidential term limits , but they argue the same rules should not apply to state governors and mayors ."
"the chicago tribune , citing unidentified sources , reported that cho may have been taking medication to combat depression and that his recent behavior was troubling , including setting a fire in a dorm and stalking women ."
"the owner of jnd pawn shop in blacksburg , across the street from virginia tech , has said cho picked up such a gun from his shop on february 9 after ordering it online a week earlier from an out of state dealer ."
"since china and taiwan split in 1949 amid a civil war , beijing has claimed that taiwan is a renegade province and should not have diplomatic ties with other countries ."
the interior ministry said four people were wounded .
"the palace plans to post the first of the archive footage on the queen s royal youtube channel on sunday , the report said ."
"the bushehr plant is 95 percent completed and i promise the iranian nation that the electricity generated by this nuclear plant will enter the country s electricity network next year , aghazadeh said , in comments carried by fars ."
chen had accused officials in shandong province of breaking family planning laws in their enforcement of the one child policy .
the vote is expected late today .
"all this is an important first step , bush said at the conclusion of the conference . in other words , this is a beginning of a series of meetings ."
the foreign affairs and trade ministry
"the president elect agrees with illinois lt . gov . pat quinn and many others that under the current circumstances it is difficult for the governor to effectively do his job and serve the people of illinois , obama spokesman robert gibbs said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
odka said he believed it was the biggest explosion in mogadishu to date .
four atoms of hydrogen bound to a carbon atom is the main component of natural gas on earth .
anwar was speaking shortly after police broke up a rally of thousands of his supporters marking the end of a ban preventing him from running for office .
"but on some sites , comments posted in response to a new topic or a news report can still be posted anonymously ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"walton provides the voice of rhino , an irrepressibly gonzo hamster who s bolt s biggest fan ."
"and it s only in the last decade or so , after years of bouncing from network to network , that the globes have established themselves as a major attraction , consistently with one broadcaster nbc and just as consistently one of the highest rated awards shows of the year ."
draft likely to be reduced
"but at the cbs late show , the network anchor said she believed the yankee star at the time he told her on 60 minutes that he had never used performance enhancing drugs"
pakistan banned the charity earlier this year as part of an effort to dry up terrorist financing .
"pyongyang s military program , and its nuclear ambitions , have long alarmed the international community ."
"for the exit poll , voters were selected at random to fill out questionnaires after voting ."
the seoul young men s christian association said yesterday it had filed class action suits against both kt and hanaro telecom for allegedly making illegal agreements to fix prices .
"the first part of the year of 2008 , of course , we had high gas prices ."
"creating a replacement heart for some of the sickest patients may be one step closer , if new research in rats pans out in humans ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"liverpool join three other english teams chelsea , manchester united and arsenal in the next stage , making this the first time four teams from the same country have made it to the final eight ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
cheney told blitzer he was over the line .
one member asked that a prayer be said for bhutto who was assassinated last december as she left a campaign rally in the pakistani city of rawalpindi .
"the letter faxed to u . s . house of representatives speaker nancy pelosi asking for congress to intervene to ensure that former kangaroo skinner david hicks is not tried by a military commission at the u . s . naval base in cuba was signed by 96 senators and members of the australian house of representatives , opposition parties said ."
"the state also is mailing out 15 , 000 stop rats !"
he said the cross border attacks have destroyed homes and schools .
russian president vladimir putin has declared his party s controversial parliamentary victory a mandate to cement power .
and all the group suggestions will not be binding on airlines or airports anyway .
some individuals are at greater risk than others for feelings of loneliness because of development issues
the final show airs at midnight sunday .
"on wall street , the dow is down 37 points ."
"while parts of central india received less rain , the north faced stronger storms for longer than usual ."
"the day before a meeting of their presidents , south korea s foreign minister ban ki moon and u . s secretary of state condoleezza rice agreed in principle yesterday to set up regular foreign ministers meetings to increase their policy coordination ."
sprint said it will invest up to 3 billion in the next two years to roll out the fourth generation mobile network .
"chung s prolonged incarceration could have a grave impact on the industry as well as the national economy so a suspended sentence is likely , said yong dae in , an analyst at goodmorning shinhan securities ."
"but the official , indicating the south s reluctance to provide the north with badly needed supplies , said that a draft agreement between the two sides does not specifically mention rice and fertilizer aid ."
"the bank of korea raised korea s guiding interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point , to 3 . 5 percent , ending a period of record low rates that began last november ."
"at least two people died and 80 others were injured when typhoon saomai struck with winds of more than 200km h 124 mph , state news agency xinhua said ."
"ukraine is in obvious breach of obligations as a transit country , gazprom s deputy chief executive , alexander medvedev , said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the strikes coincide with the commercial launch of a new eurostar service connecting paris gare du nord with the new st . pancras terminal in waterloo .
"last week , syria reported that its aircraft fired on israeli enemy aircraft that flew into northern syria early thursday ."
activists released graphic photos of dead bodies showing bullet wounds .
"predatory mice are critically threatening the albatross population on a remote south atlantic island and have caused the birds worst nesting season on record , a british bird charity said thursday ."
"a strong cold front and scattered thunderstorms moved through the region , including one that prompted a tornado warning for fort lauderdale , the national weather service reported ."
"last week , she was photographed with her husband , blake fielder civil , bloodied and bruised after an apparent fight in a london hotel ."
students at campuses across the country are logging on to the internet to get information and to share their thoughts .
a list of pro japanese collaborators released .
the strikes came as an urgent session of the israeli cabinet endorsed a strong response against the militants .
"amid sub zero temperatures in some places , european gas customers aren t freezing in their homes just yet ."
fund managers said strong corporate profit growth was supporting stocks .
"every day from 5 a . m . fishermen auction their fresh catch to a rowdy horde of restaurateurs , eager to secure the choicest specimens for their menus ."
"the prognosis is very serious , said a medical report issued by the virgen del rocio hospital in seville ."
but they were holding a chinese language newspaper and pointing to a photograph of a man .
the seoul metropolitan government has opened up a new one stop service center to provide help to foreign nationals .
seoul ap the robust south korean economy traditionally shrugs off flare ups with rival north korea such as a deadly naval clash last summer .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"pitt s manager , cynthia pett dante , told the associated press we have no comment except the story is not true , and several celebrity news outlets also reported the story was false ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
a terror alert has been expanded to korean deep sea fishing vessels in the persian gulf as the government has received information that an unidentified islamic terrorist group is targeting the fishermen .
they also removed any limit on how many terms he can serve as president .
"i saw some policeman walk up to the drivers windows and look and and kept walking on by , so either the person was deceased or not in the car , joe costello said ."
"it s a very sophisticated ecosystem , with organizations and services for hire , he continues ."
"last month , natalie got the bad news herself ."
"here we go again , on janet jackson s wardrobe malfunction at the 2004 super bowl ."
"the cause of the deaths was not yet known and an autopsy was expected to be carried out later saturday , the spokeswoman said . police were not yet treating the deaths as suspicious , she said ."
"police did not identify the gunman , who brady said was not a member of the church ."
sk telecom yesterday said the seoul based company had signed a contract late last week with google for the development of the mobile search solution .
hwang woo suk is under blaming of conservative religious groups .
"the city is in danger , said fire department spokeswoman janis stamoulis , explaining that the flames are encroaching on an old museum and archaeological center ."
earthquakes centered closer to the surface generally can cause more damage .
ghiberti died in 1455 20 years before the birth of michelangelo .
some have doctored x ray photographs or had surgery to damage ligaments or knee cartilage .
"we re also very impressed by the variety and ingenuity of the submissions across all categories , ranging from health to energy , education and the environment , she said ."
"lone star filed a lawsuit against the city last august , arguing that additional taxes it slapped on its purchase of a 45 story building in 2001 were unreasonable ."
living in a cage in hong kong
that report also forecast that temperatures could rise by 1 . 8 to 4 . 0 celsius 3 . 2 to 7 . 2 f this century .
"thailand s ousted pm thaksin shinawatra has resigned as leader of the party he founded and built up , thai rak thai ."
"an earthquake shook southern iceland on thursday , reportedly causing injuries and damaging roads and buildings ."
"although noting that jews have faced prejudice for many centuries , the book takes a more sinister view of their role in the united states ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
the online hangout facebook is getting more serious about grammar .
"would mean that those committing the new offense would be given a criminal record and fined 1 , 000 1 , 520"
"abe was referring to as many as 200 , 000 comfort women , many of them korean , who were forced to work as sexual slaves for japanese soldiers on the front lines ."
"the project , entitled kingdom city , will span 23 million square meters 248 million square feet and will include luxury homes , hotels and offices ."
iraq has had troubled relations with both arab states in the past .
"this morning the president elect is laying a wreath at the tomb of the unknowns in arlington cemetery , then going to worship services at a yet to be announced washington church ."
"israel defense minister ehud barak , saying it was a mistake and apologizing to ban ki moon ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
armento was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in november .
the three ex employees are currently in the united states .
"i am quitting politics , i am not going back to politics . i will not take any political position except when they want any ideas , the ap reported him as saying ."
"a mother , her child and at least seven other people died while trying to flee a burning , wooded area in the mountainous villages in the western peloponnese , near the town of zaharo , according to a fire brigade official ."
the prime minister said americans are basing their hunches about iranian activities in iraq on intelligence they ve amassed . watch al maliki talk about the situation in iraq
"critics have questioned the importance of the information obtained from zubayda , and the entire question of what type of interrogation techniques are appropriate for use by the united states became a key issue in the confirmation process for attorney general michael mukasey ."
the lower court had passed a four year term .
"the u . n . security council had threatened a third round of sanctions against the country if it did not freeze the uranium enrichment program which iran maintains is for peaceful energy purposes , but the u . s . says is to hide a weapons program ."
"in late january , a french court sentenced eric breteau the group s leader emilie lelouch , alain peligat , philippe van winkelberg , dominique aubry and nadia merimi to eight years in a french prison ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
proponents of a pull out have pointed to the failure of iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki to enact political reforms considered vital to a long term fall in violence .
"writer a . e . hotchner , who partnered with newman to start newman s own salad dressing company in the 1980s , said the 83 year old actor told him about the disease about 18 months ago ."
"william will also do a stint with the royal air force and the navy , as well as carry on with his charitable work ."
"a two person apache helicopter crew staged a dramatic rescue monday , ferrying two of their comrades out of a combat zone south of baghdad , military officials said tuesday ."
"india has routinely blamed pakistani and bangladeshi based islamic militants for a series of attacks that have rocked the country over the last two years , saying they were meant to provoke violence between india s hindu majority and muslim minority ."
"authorities in texas are vowing to invoke emergency powers to force about 250 people who withstood hurricane ike , to leave bolivar peninsula ."
he helped save kim from an execution attempt in 1973 by security agents of the south korean dictatorship .
the visit has prompted speculation that china is advocating market reforms for pyongyang and could also urge it to rejoin stalled nuclear negotiations .
"we re aware that this satellite is out there , renuart said . we re aware it is a fairly substantial size . and we know there is at least some percentage that it could land on ground as opposed to in the water ."
colombia s farc rebels said they would not allow emergency medical aid to be delivered to the kidnapped politician .
the regulation seeks to ensure that an asylum seeker is not redirected from nation to nation simply because none will take responsibility .
"on the blank canvas of the diving bell and the butterfly , julian schnabel s first stroke was an image of glaciers falling into the sea ."
the new consensus is that japan is in decline .
eligibility is determined by several factors
astronomers believe the asteroid could be the most threatening object yet detected in space .
"earlier , a resurgent carlos moya set up a quarter final clash with lleyton hewitt ."
she said intends to return at least once to the mideast before the conference . rice said she wanted to help them narrow differences that they may have about what the nature of this document has to be .
"officials initially accused zapeta of being a courier for the drug trade , but they dropped the allegation once he produced pay stubs from restaurants where he had worked ."
baez knew the rev . martin luther king jr . and famously sang the protest song we shall overcome to a massive crowd at the lincoln memorial during king s 1963 march on washington .
"the future inhabitants of sao paolo , bombay , lagos , jakarta and the like will live in squalid shanty towns with inadequate water and little sanitation ."
cnn international s business editor todd benjamin says the activity is all based on the belief that the u . s . is in recession .
"andrew stevens , a cnn anchor who was staying at the taj with a cnn crew , estimated about half the hotel s guests were westerners ."
"two texas psychiatrists drs . richard pesikoff and george s . leventon are expected to testify on nowak s behalf , the documents state ."
"but on a day when the air quality is poor , she often struggles to catch her breath ."
he hopes it will be big enough to be seen on google earth .
"the u . s . attorney s office in jackson , tennessee , said daniel cowart , 20 , and paul schlesselman , 18 , were self described white supremacists who met online through a mutual friend ."
"her case set off a flurry of international diplomacy , ending with her pardon monday by sudanese president omar al bashir ."
president roh will have summit talks with kazakh president .
film director ritchie s spokesman made no immediate comment .
"beijing , china cnn the death toll in china s outbreak of hand foot mouth disease has risen to 42 children , with the capital beijing reporting its first case wednesday , state media said ."
"researchers found that participants taking crestor cut their risk of heart attack , stroke and death by nearly half compared with participants taking the placebo ."
mexico is telling businesses to shut down until next week
"the four men and three women , mostly in their 20s , were found dead on tuesday in a car parked on a mountain road in minano in saitama prefecture near tokyo , officers said ."
the province has experienced dozens of aftershocks since a devastating 7 . 9 magnitude earthquake on may 12 .
teachers take weightless ride to inspire students
"the music is not about just music anymore , it s about the look , the it factor if you will . . . it s marketing ."
"mark smith , at the white house ."
"goldberg s advice just state the facts , and let the doctor do the interpreting ."
"acknowledging the unpopularity of the decision , roh announced yesterday that his administration will submit a bill to extend the deadline for the pullout of the troops , who are scheduled to return in december ."
"authorities carried out some 4 , 770 doping tests in beijing as part of the largest ever testing program for an olympic games , the ioc said ."
"and in fact , we got so many people saying this is great , i love it , i don t know why you wouldn t do this , that kinda thing ."
"at the start of the week it was trading above 10 , 000 ."
"wearing sun glasses and dark casual clothes in balmy egyptian winter weather , they turned to wave to a crowd of onlookers and media as they walked up to the hotel , appearing relaxed and at ease with the media attention ."
prime minister lee said the japanese don t reflect on any wrong doings .
"the leader of britain s liberal democrat party , nick clegg , told british broadcasting corp . that brown seems to do the right thing late in the day when he is forced to do so because of public opinion ."
"a spokesman for the hawaii based pacific tsunami warning center had said there were dangers of a localized tsunami , stretching from 100 200km 60 125 miles from the epicenter ."
"even though it is not a stimulant , it may affect a person s alertness ."
iraq s oil minister monday opened international bidding on six oil fields that could increase the country s oil production by 1 . 5 million barrels per day .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the korea herald reports a team of nuclear experts from the united states will arrive in north korea today to finalize a plan for disablement procedures with their north korean counterparts .
here s another instance of how alcohol and gasoline just don t mix
"the show would be over , and the bag would be empty , he said ."
all jail inmates are required to call collect .
the demonstrators expressed anger at the way protests disrupted the olympic torch relay in paris on april 7 .
it is viewed by koreans and chinese as a symbol of japan s unrepentant militarism .
"the bronx has been particularly hard hit , according to the report ."
"and , oh yes , big name acts and niche music abounds ."
"richie had a previous dui conviction , in june 2003 , involving alcohol ."
"lake arrowhead resident michael beamis said that several houses in the area are on fire , but there are no firefighters around ."
"at kitchen tables across our country , there is concern about our economic future , he will say ."
this seattle area woman got stranded in a flooded road .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"considered by ancient egyptians to be the skin of the gods , gold was highly prized and used extensively in royal burial to assure pharaohs divinity in the afterlife ."
the violence broke out after anti chavez demonstrators led by university students marched peacefully to the supreme court to protest constitutional changes that venezuelans will consider in a december referendum .
"because the time for change has come , you know it !"
"erakat is part of palestinian president mahmoud abbas delegation , which arrived at andrews air force base , maryland , on saturday night , as anxiety over possible palestinian concessions prompted protesters to take to the streets of gaza ."
"suu kyi s lawyer , jared genser , said he did not know how long the confinement would be but he added any length of time would be illegal because myanmar s law states suu kyi could only be held in confinement for five years ."
national football team coach jo bonfrere was finally dismissed by the korea football association kfa on tuesday with less than 10 months left until the 2006 world cup .
"once described as the single best idea anyone has ever had , english naturalist charles darwin s theory of evolution proposes that all life , including humans , is related and is descended from a common ancestor ."
a statement released after a meeting of prime minister recep tayyip erdogan and security officials did not say that such an operation would definitely occur .
"california firefighters sunday were battling hundreds of wildfires , including one in napa county that led to evacuations of about 250 homes , the state s fire department said ."
"originally considered the diet of the poor , who didn t have much money to buy meat , the mediterranean diet is rich in fruits , vegetables , nuts , cereals , whole grains , fish and olive oil ."
"canadian teacher christopher paul neil was the subject of a worldwide lookout posted earlier this month by interpol , the international police agency , after he was identified as the man in 200 photographs posted on the internet showing 12 different young males being sexually abused ."
"the suwon district prosecutors office indicted five current and four former employees of kia motors , the second largest automaker in korea and an affiliate of hyundai motor ."
"the united states maintains the air exclusion zone off the coast of alaska , barring unidentified aircraft or aircraft that don t file flight plans inside that area ."
flying with the flu ?
luxury car theft is common in moscow .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"when they uncovered five pornographic images , they sent stern warnings to the offenders ."
"i don t believe in power sharing with musharraf he is a dictator , we are democrats , sharif said thursday , shortly after the pakistani court s ruling ."
musharraf accused the judge of misusing his powers . chaudhry was reinstated .
"on saturday , the united states removed north korea from the list of terrorism sponsors after it said the two countries reached agreement on a number of verification measures ."
then the crew on board immediately took the due procedure to evacuate all the passengers .
"gen petraeus had called for a 45 day period of consolidation and evaluation after july , before any more troops left ."
to open their own training school
"beijing , china cnn 8212 chinese and taiwanese officials agreed thursday to set up permanent offices in each other s territories , in the first formal talks between the two sides in almost a decade ."
"the court sentenced three men to thousands of years in jail for their part in the attacks , but acquitted seven including the alleged mastermind ."
"china sentenced the former head of the state food and drug administration to death for corruption , state media reported on tuesday , in an unusually harsh sentence which could be reduced on appeal ."
"seoul , south korea ap north korea repeated its demand during talks with the united states this week that washington lift financial restrictions targeting the communist regime , a pro pyongyang newspaper reported on thursday , after the meetings ended without a clear breakthrough ."
"doctors have removed a small , malignant growth from presidential spokesman tony snow s abdomen , but they determined the cancer had spread to his liver , the white house said tuesday ."
the ruling came after a six hour meeting of the nine nec members .
"in a statement , the ministry said it was deeply disappointed and angered at the japanese leader s visit to the shrine ."
"what is truly happening and all honesty is a divine verse of god , haniya said"
korea to double african aid by . . .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"washington ap the harmful effects of global warming on daily life are already showing up , and within a couple of decades hundreds of millions of people won t have enough water , top scientists will say next month at a meeting in belgium ."
both companies have recently signed large commercial agreements with chinese counterparts .
"erdogan told reporters his people are demanding action against the pkk , and that a solution to the border crisis must come in the shortest time possible ."
"in may , washington said it would cut a third of the 37 , 500 u . s . troops stationed in korea by the end of next year , prompting concerns in seoul of a sudden security vacuum ."
"in a brief interview with the new york times after wednesday s panel , mary cheney said she agreed that blitzer had crossed a line ."
police superintendent jody weis blamed an excess of guns and gangs for the rash of violence .
fitzgerald has previously expressed concern about the impeachment panel interfering with his investigation .
sales for the final quarter rose to 107 billion from 75 . 5 billion despite a fall in production .
"former u . s . vice president and nobel laureate al gore co founded live earth , whose goal is to promote change to help the environment through entertainment ."
"fayed s father contends that the couple were the targets of a plot orchestrated by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii ."
"a helicopter on standby during the filming flew the seriously injured stunt driver to verona , where he underwent surgery , said town spokesman marco girardi , who also was acting as a liaison to the production company ."
"i am very grateful that this difficult day has ended so well . all of my campaign staff are safe , clinton said outside her washington home . i want to thank them for their extraordinary courage and coolness under some very difficult pressures and dangerous situations ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"one man showed up at a federal building , asking for release from the reality show he was sure was being made of his life ."
"the case had inflamed anti french sentiment in chad , but president idriss deby raised the possibility of a pardon after french support helped him ward off a rebel attack on his capital in february ."
it is not a prop to be used in a debate by people on either side of an issue .
"israeli foreign ministry spokesman arye meckel said the gaza strip continues to receive 70 percent of its electricity supply directly from israel , which would not be affected , and another 5 percent from egypt ."
"hotel rooms are scarce , however ."
"the governor , who appeared in court in a blue jogging suit , also had to forfeit his passport ."
flying with the flu ?
an aide to obama said they were going to let the pictures speak for themselves .
"the joong ang ilbo reports they wanted to make sure their children were safe , so the concerned mothers participated in the school s fire drill themselves ."
"the san francisco protest comes the same day as a demonstration in paris , france , disrupted the torch relay many times ."
"much like telling the interviewer that you don t know anything about the company , saying you don t have any questions to ask also signals a lack of interest ."
"the two men are workers at a crocodile farm in darwin , the capital city of the northern territory ."
the skin makes vitamin d from ultraviolet light .
"with a large number of south koreans both government officials and civilians getting ready for the joint events , kim s possible pyongyang visit draws attention as it could project a replay of the breathtaking encounter between him and north korean leader kim jong il ."
air force stationed in gunsan conducted several combat exercises from january through june 1991 in preparation for possible air launched nuclear strikes against north korea .
"the body of bbc broadcaster alistair cooke , who died aged 95 in 2004 , was among those used in the racket ."
president barack obama says that it s too early to say if more american troops should be sent to afghanistan .
the auto execs were leaning on market research to avoid tough decisions .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the team is scheduled to return wednesday to baghdad , where they will be greeted by government officials and awarded a special gift from the prime minister , jaafar said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"four soldiers three of them part of the u . s . led coalition , one of them nato were killed sunday in separate combat incidents in eastern afghanistan , according to coalition and nato statements ."
"according to maxim magazine , at least this month , she s the hottest woman in the world ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the organization s report first contact in the greater mekong says 519 plants , 279 fish , 88 frogs , 88 spiders , 46 lizards , 22 snakes , 15 mammals , four birds , four turtles , two salamanders and a toad were found ."
venomous guns n roses album slammed in china
"on political blogs , the invective flies ."
"kim seung kyu , formerly vice minister of justice and representative of a law firm , was named kang s successor ."
draft likely to be reduced
"beardsley , 46 , considered a key witness , was also arrested wednesday ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
rallying cry of the late gen . francisco franco s dictatorship and called on spaniards to love the fatherland .
"she s got the state s first probable swine flu case on her hands , and says the feds have shipped out the meds and supplies to help minnesota deal with a possible pandemic"
"after reaching an accord with the united states earlier this year , seoul has held four rounds of negotiations with brussels on a free trade agreement that could provide asia s third largest economy with a commercial bridge to europe ."
"forty three people have died and 247 were injured after two passenger trains collided in eastern china , said state run media agency xinhua ."
"at this defining moment in history , we believe that americans of all parties want and need their leaders to come together and change the bad habits of washington so that we can solve the common and urgent challenges of our time , the statement said ."
"we ll stop there , but you go right ahead and think about all the body parts you want ."
the committee will be called the korea medical service promotion agency .
nato leaders also approved membership plans for croatia and albania .
many sunni arabs and u . s . officials don t think ahmed and rashid should be executed because such a move could anger sunnis .
"however , the campaign is over ."
"leung , a socialite and political activist , was paid 1 . 7 million by the fbi for her information as an intelligence asset code named parlor maid ."
living in a cage in hong kong
and i was risking my spiritual salvation by questioning my husband and not becoming one with him .
cnn polling director keating holland notes that tuesday s survey confirms what a string of national polls released this month have shown
"after eight years as vice president , gore s bid for the presidency ended in 2000 in court battles over recounting votes in florida ."
he said the cold weather was another possible cause .
"the financial row has been a key impediment to six nation talks aimed at getting north korea to give up its nuclear program , as pyongyang refused to address disarmament unless the financial row is resolved ."
"south korea did not vote , while north korea is not a member of the commission ."
living in a cage in hong kong
we are four days away from the election and the candidates are working hard to get the voters to the polls .
"the deputy leader of a rebel mosque in the pakistani capital , islamabad , has said he and hundreds of his militant followers are ready to surrender ."
"clashes between bangladeshi police and students demanding an end to emergency rule spilled into the streets of the capital wednesday , prompting the government to impose an indefinite curfew ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the nuclear dispute flared in october when washington said north korea admitted running a secret nuclear weapons program in violation of a 1994 treaty .
living in a cage in hong kong
"we stayed in a hostel cause it s cheaper than a hotel we drove , cause it s cheaper than flying ."
"bush said u . s . consumers are feeling the pain of rising oil costs , which topped 100 a barrel this month ."
halsworth admitted that the first extraction had been excruciatingly painful .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2801639
"the bomb lance fragment , lodged in a bone between the whale s neck and shoulder blade , was likely manufactured in new bedford , on the southeast coast of massachusetts , a major whaling center at that time , bockstoce said ."
"but without the neolithic revolution , none of the above would have taken place ."
"i think they believe they are recreational users of drugs and they are in control , fielder civil told british broadcasting corp . radio tuesday . clearly they are addicts ."
came outside to investigate .
"but instead of giving kassouf the sympathy he expected , his girlfriend told him off ."
eighteen of the girls have been taken into state custody .
"florida s delegates are not slotted to count in the race , and the democratic candidates opted not to campaign there , steps called for by the democratic party as a way of penalizing the state for moving its primary to an earlier date ."
"the six year old girl was beaten and strangled in her colorado home 10 years ago , in a case that gripped america ."
i think it will be coming out in january or february .
"another 29 species were listed as critically endangered and possibly extinct , such as cuba s little earth hutia , which has not been seen in 40 years , the iucn said ."
"a couple more years , he thought , and he would go home and reunite with his son ."
"in may 2005 , the seoul gyeonggi incheon migrant trade union submitted an application to launch a legal labor union at a seoul regional office of the labor ministry ."
"in talks mediated by the government , the korean cargo workers federation and transportation companies met but failed to resolve the dispute over demands by the drivers for higher pay and lower fuel taxes ."
"the ministry attributed the surge of exports to the steady growth of the global economy , domestic pressure to cut inventories , and concerns over aggravated export conditions in the latter half of the year ."
rich was a commodities trader who fled to europe in 1983 after tax evasion charges and allegations of illegal oil dealings with iran .
"15 p . m . et at parchman prison , 15 minutes after the injections began , said kent crocker , a communications officer for the state department of corrections ."
"we hope that world leaders coming to rome will agree on the urgent measures that are needed to boost agricultural production while protecting the poor from rising prices , diouf said ."
"when karzai was meeting with the people , the taliban fired 12 rockets , ahmadi said by satellite phone from an undisclosed location . the rockets fell nearby ."
thousands of south koreans have joined anti war protests in seoul and other major cities in recent days .
"iraq which has about a 60 percent shiite population is also made up of sunni arabs , kurds , turkmens , christians and others ."
"in the past two presidential elections , pre election polling in pennsylvania showed strong support for democrats al gore and john kerry , but both candidates ended up carrying the state by narrow margins ."
the realignment of the u . s .
"after it appeared in 1997 , the book helped prompt japan to reexamine this dark history ."
"with just a mouse click on the computer , researchers can gauge how much land would be lost at various sea levels , and where ."
"featuring a cast of thousands of torch bearers and covering more than 85 , 000 miles , the international relay route is a whirlwind tour of 23 cities across five continents in 34 days ."
pope john paul got an emergency surgery because of acute respiratory problems .
"good morning , and merry christmas !"
al maliki also addressed his government s position toward militias and troop levels in his country .
hundreds of houses have gone to the highest bidders at an auction of foreclosed homes in new york
japan is heavily reliant on nuclear power but confidence has been hit by a series of incidents in recent years .
"i don t think we ll get 400 , 000 , iron maiden s manager rod smallwood told cnn , we re set for about 60 , 000 and we hope to go past that ."
"we are not dealing with our grand , grand , grand , grandmother , but perhaps with our grand , grand , grand , grand aunt ."
kaymer was invited by europe s ryder cup captain nick faldo to join the team in valhalla
the fbi this week released new details that the agency hopes will jog someone s memory .
"in the video by the publisher , cruise also salutes a portrait of l . ron hubbard , cited on the church s web site as the founder of the only major religion founded in the 20th century ."
flying with the flu ?
"dean , with maximum sustained winds near 150 mph 240 kph , could strengthen into a category 5 storm before making landfall early tuesday ."
kaka led milan to a 2 1 victory over liverpool in the champions league final last season .
"the koreans scored twice while the u . s . was a player short on the field for several minutes in the second half , before o reilly tied the score with a shot into the top corner of the net ."
"he was under house arrest for six months in chile , but authorities lifted the restriction last year on the condition he not leave the country ."
"he said colombian ground forces then crossed into ecuador and retrieved reyes body , leaving the others ."
"those rules , in place for two decades , were overturned by a 2005 u . s . law that extended daylight saving time by three weeks in the spring and one week in the autumn ."
muqtada al sadr also called on iraqi forces to join the insurgents in the battle against the occupiers .
"only 91 year old gerald ford was among former presidents absent , a group that grew smaller last summer with the death of ronald reagan ."
"there is a delay in the implementation of economic compensation obligations to be undertaken by the other countries in the six party talks , hyun hak bong , deputy director of the north korean foreign ministry s american affairs bureau , was quoted as saying late on wednesday ."
"but even with the hundreds of campaign appearances , phone calls to voters and a barrage of television ads in the last few months there are still a large number of undecided voters ."
"while that computer is down , most science observations are at a standstill ."
"al fayed s son , dodi fayed , died in 1997 along with princess diana when the car they were riding in crashed in a paris tunnel ."
the accompanying editorial suggests that there may be several reasons the ordinance may have led to a reduction in the number of heart attack related hospitalizations
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
there s such an abhorrence of it on an international level .
how do you stay on track ?
hutchinson said he appeared to be in apparently good health tanned and well nourished .
"also , last friday , gunmen in speedboats kidnapped six workers from an oil vessel off nigeria s coast , the second attack on an oilfield in a week ."
"officials said the sunday night train attack appeared intended to disrupt india pakistan relations , but instead leaders of both nations said they would press ahead with peace talks ."
"if sen . obama is indeed sincere about his repeated claims to change the tone of our politics , he should immediately denounce these remarks , remove mr . geffen from his campaign and return his money ."
korean animal rights activists ?
"it has different names in different countries ip tv in the united states , adsl tv in europe and broadband broadcasting in japan ."
"it shows how mainstream the internet is becoming , said lee rainie , director of the pew internet and american life project , a nonprofit group that authored the study ."
"after disappearing for about 45 minutes after a public torch lighting ceremony , the olympic flame emerged along a route different from the one that had been planned in san francisco ."
he was just dropping off people after a party when he was stopped in downtown stockholm driving a golf cart .
draft likely to be reduced
"but portsmouth , despite missing several key players through injury , shook the milan defense with crosses aimed at the giant peter crouch , who went close three times with a header and two acrobatic shots ."
"the announcement came moments after u . s . attorney for the district of columbia jeffrey taylor accused the cincinnati based banana producer with paying through its colombia subsidiary banadex a right wing paramilitary group in urab ? and santa marta , two areas of colombia where chiquita grew bananas ."
"myanmar s military junta acknowledged wednesday that it detained nearly 3 , 000 people during a crackdown on recent pro democracy protests , with hundreds still remaining in custody ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
sohn mentioned that it was difficult to persuade his fellow legislators to approve the korus fta and that it was important for the undp to further discuss the matter with the new administration .
"the publicist , whose clients have included john lennon and bob dylan , issued a statement sunday night that he and hilton had parted ways over an apparent misunderstanding she received from me regarding the terms of her probation ."
"clashes and airstrikes , meanwhile , killed 16 people , capping a week that saw more than 270 people die in insurgency related violence ."
south korean president roh moo hyun said on tuesday that north korea needed repeated reassurance it would not be threatened by force before it would give up its nuclear arms .
he said the taliban leadership wanted the release of 10 taliban prisoners held by the afghan government and the withdrawal of german troops from afghanistan as conditions for the freedom of the hostages .
"we don t know just what s wrong with the founder and ceo , but analyst shelley palmer does know he s key to the company s success"
"the team worked well , i have tried to limit the damage but it was a terrible day , added the kazakh , who sustained knee injuries in a crash last thursday ."
so he moved on to plan b
"about 4 , 000 people a year stay here during its brief summer season july 1 to september 30 , with 3 , 000 of them seeking glory on top of the matterhorn ."
a local official said that thousands of people had sought refuge in mosques and other safe places .
"google s new public health initiative , google flu trends , looks at the relative popularity of a slew of flu related search terms to determine where in the u . s . flu outbreaks may be occurring . what s exciting about flu trends is that it lets anybody"
the angry reaction came after the foreign ministry on friday admitted it had a telephone inquiry on june 3 from ap over kim s kidnapping in iraq but gave it no attention .
"hybrids made up just 2 . 2 percent of the u . s . market share for the year , but they were growing steadily even as overall sales declined 3 percent ."
"the deal let richey , a u . s . british citizen , go home to scotland without admitting that he had anything to do with the fire ."
"instead of spreading the patient s ribs , the surgeon uses a miniature camera mounted on a thin tube to view the organs ."
"los angeles police arrested a 21 year old loyola marymount university student in connection with an online threat to shoot people on campus , officials said saturday ."
"australians were found to be the world s worst polluters per capita , producing five times as much carbon from generating power as china ."
sacred defense is a local reference to the iran iraq war of the 1980s .
all buyers now have one week to drive or tow their purchases out of here .
walking several times a week is a good way to control your weight and even lose body fat .
toronto police staff sgt . ray bold said manners and the two charged knew each other and were probably friends .
"now they estimate that roughly 200 remain , mainly in parts of northern vietnam near the chinese border ."
"solomons deputy police commissioner peter marshall said boats arrived tuesday morning in the towns of gizo and in nearby munda from honiara , the capital , carrying food and other urgent supplies ."
"the titanic did not have enough lifeboats for all of 2 , 200 passengers and crew ."
major general aye mint told an international security conference in singapore that military rulers broadcast warnings more than a week before cyclone nargis made landfall on may 2 .
kerry said he d never seen the u . s . such a target of world animosity .
"the consensus estimate of economists surveyed by briefing . com was for a slight increase to 372 , 000 ."
"fbi agents on tuesday arrested blagojevich and his chief of staff , john harris , on federal corruption charges related in part to the selection of obama s successor to the senate ."
"madrid fashion week set a bmi limit of 18 in september , and italian designers in december agreed to health and age guidelines for runway models , the associated press reported ."
online use that put kids at the highest risk for unwanted exposure to pornography was using file sharing programs to download images .
north korea has demanded a nonaggression treaty with the united states .
the intentional fracturing of the ribs is extremely painful for the patient and can take about six weeks to heal .
why some women s groups are miffed at obama
"beverly hills chihuahua still the top dog at the box office , taking another 17 . 5 million this weekend ."
"cars were backed up on many roads as police struggled to stop some protesters from approaching the presidential office of chong wa dae , which is only a few kilometers away from seoul city hall ."
such divisions will determine the buses transportation fares as well .
"my colleagues told me all other cars passed where the bomb was planted and only that car when it came into the area the bomb exploded , he said ."
the former king s reign is remembered as one of the most peaceful periods of afghanistan s turbulent history .
the name of the giant palm and its remarkable life cycle will be detailed in a study by kew gardens scientists in the botanical journal of the linnean society published thursday .
another fire along the tgv east line slowed service .
"the wire was concealed with mortar and concrete , and the propane tanks had been covered with brick and hidden underneath the floor , according to a military statement ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the ppp is expected to lead the new pakistani government after gaining the most number of seats in parliamentary elections held february 18 .
"i ll probably continue to use it , but i ll double think about the song that i m gonna download ."
"my attitude is that senator clinton can run as long as she wants , the illinois senator said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
sophy said hilton needs time to recover from the shock of receiving jail time before testifying in a civil case brought against her by actress and diamond heiress zeta graff .
"by surpassing the 50 percent mark , saakashvili avoided a second round runoff with gachechiladze ."
"the satellite is designed to last 15 years , the agency said ."
"new york s and chicago s 2007 homicide totals were the lowest in more than 40 years , and in philadelphia , slayings dipped slightly after reaching a nine year high in 2006 ."
"japanese researchers pitted young chimps against human adults in tests of short term memory , and overall , the chimps won ."
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s main opposition planned to hold an extraordinary meeting monday to discuss the party president s offer to step down after his colleagues rejected a proposed alliance with the troubled ruling bloc ."
"he then bit enthusiastically into a green apple , which has become a traditional offering for space crews touching down in kazakhstan , famous for its tasty apples ."
"scientists say the northern lights are created by the sun s super hot atmosphere , which blasts particles into the protective magnetic field surrounding the earth ."
how not to sleep through it .
"as the storm approached , some 320 , 000 people were evacuated from their homes along guangdong s coastline ."
"you ll probably have to remove the battery to get at it , but you don t need any special tools ."
"home prices have fallen almost 20 over the last year and the economy has shed over 760 , 000 jobs ."
the pain has persisted in the current quarter .
"the argument in question , on the value of words in the public square , is one about which he and i have spoken frequently before ."
the first korean immigrants to america arrived on the morning of jan .
the pkk has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for kurds in southeastern turkey .
"article 42 allows the use of air , sea , or land forces ."
"i saw him reach down to get his ball and he yelled for help , said janet pallo , who was playing the fifth hole and ran over to drive the man to the clubhouse ."
"i will not resign , because it will not resolve anything , thaksin said ."
"the earlier we go back the better , said the international atomic energy agency s head , mohamed el baradei ."
"final 2002 box office figures for the top studios were due out later this week , but early projections indicated that 9 . 2 billion worth of tickets were sold , up by about 10 percent over last year s record ."
"the numbers will depend on the situation , said mixon , who has 23 , 000 troops under his command ."
"this month , mattel inc . , one of the largest u . s . toy companies , was forced to recall 967 , 000 plastic preschool toys made by lee der because they were decorated with paint found to have excessive amounts of lead ."
it is the first time a christian holiday has been officially recognized in modern egypt .
"we have always been a close , peaceful and loving family . my brother was quiet and reserved , yet struggled to fit in ."
the company said the sales growth is attributed in part to the government s plans to increase the upper limit for engine displacement for city cars for which the government provides tax benefits including the morning model in the city car segment .
the hospital said in a statement that the 51 year old was stable but still in intensive care .
the joong ang ilbo reports the grand national party broke an agreement and voted against a revision of tax law friday .
"it was , oh , gosh , maybe a couple of hundred feet off the ground ."
"the men were extracted via a caged bucket that was lowered from a crane through a ventilation shaft into the mine , she said ."
"indonesia s industrial development has been so rapid that , environmental issues have come to the fore on a significant scale throughout industry ."
"pakistan s tourism minister says she fears for her life after clerics at a radical mosque issued an edict accusing her of sinning by hugging her french parachute jumping instructor , the state news agency reported ."
the two parties withdrew from the cabinet last year .
"canada , britain , spain and italy rank as top sources of visitors to the island ."
"ac milan battled to a 2 1 win at cagliari for their fourth win in 12 serie a games this season , rallying after falling behind to an early home goal ."
"although there is no ban in the koran on images of allah or the prophet mohammed , likenesses are considered highly offensive by muslims ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
researchers using carbon dating techniques at khirbat en nahas in southern jordan discovered that copper production took place there around the time king solomon is said to have ruled the israelites .
believe me i ve been there .
the unemployment line is getting longer !
"the stop and question power would enable police to interrogate people about who they are , where they have been and where they were going , the sunday times said . police would not need to suspect a crime had taken place ."
the interior minister has control of palestinian security forces .
chinese ships harassed u . s .
"on monday july 14 , yang was sentenced to 18 years in prison after being convicted of fraud and bribery , a stunning downfall for a leader of china s new capitalist class ."
"there are several clues suggesting that our sun and planets were indeed born in a violent region something like this , along with some very hot and massive stars , astronomer nathan smith of the university of california at berkeley added ."
"after an emergency session , it also called on burma s generals to allow a special un envoy into the country ."
the two sides also agreed to resume freight rail services across the heavily fortified border for the first time in more than five decades .
"wearable technology is coming through into useful everyday clothing more than it is on the catwalk . the catwalk still treats wearable tech as flashing earrings or sensational things , mccann says ."
"johannesburg , south africa ap speakers decried crime in south africa at the funeral thursday of a renowned historian who was shot dead earlier this week ."
"while the substance is not new , it wasn t until recently that a wada lab developed an effective urine test for it , ioc spokeswoman emmanuelle moreau told cnn ."
these and other findings came up in a recent poll by gallup korea of 280 foreign investors on korea s business environment .
"the campaign goes on , the former senator from north carolina said at a news conference , contradicting earlier media reports ."
"a four day closing of the state s main north south route for 20 miles around chehalis , washington ."
"the stakes are high for our citizens and for our economy , and with gasoline running at more than four bucks a gallon , many do not have the luxury of waiting on the far off plans of futurists and politicians , mccain will say tuesday in houston , texas , according to excerpts of his speech released by his campaign ."
they told relief workers that the captain of the boat had perished .
korea to double african aid by . . .
mokbel was captured in a cafeteria in the athens coastal suburb of glyfada on information provided by australian authorities .
clinton was unfazed by saturday s upsets and continued to present herself as the most viable candidate to defeat mccain in the general election .
"we were 100 percent sure that the baby was going to die if we didn t take it away from her , nuremberg zoo director dag encke told time magazine . this would have been a death verdict for the cub ."
"the smurfs also will team up with the unicef to promote children s rights and education worldwide , said yves willemont of unicef belgium ."
"swedish striker johan elmander , who netted a hat trick in sunday s 4 3 defeat at bordeaux , opened the scoring in the 18th minute ."
"the six nation discussions on north korea s nuclear program may resume on 2 september , according to the chinese envoy and co ordinator for the talks ."
"he was trying to get a rise out of my father , she said ."
"this year s republican primary was a contest to see which candidate could out bush the other , and that is the contest john mccain won , he said ."
"quoting a ministry spokesman on saturday , north korea s state run korean central news agency said , bush is a hooligan bereft of any personality as a human being ."
"in a desperate bid to garner voters support ahead of next week s general elections , the political parties are increasingly resorting to out of date negative campaign tactics , highlighting their rivals faults rather than promoting their own policies ."
there are positive signs .
"investigators are trying to determine whether the bomb was planted or was detonated by a suicide attacker , according to prime minister recep tayyip erdogan ."
"however , dow jones spokeswoman linda dunbar denied the rumors ."
"the incident coincided with suggestions by russian president vladimir putin s likely successor dmitry medvedev that foreign ngos and the british council , an international cultural body funded by the british government spy on russia , the associated press reported ."
they included chinese made toys that either had excessive amounts of lead paint or had small magnets that could easily be swallowed by children .
"opening in second place was 20th century fox s romantic comedy 27 dresses , starring katherine heigl as a perpetual bridesmaid ."
blake broke johansson s serve in the 11th game of the first set and then served out the set to love with an ace on the final point .
korea has been often criticized for being too stingy in its spending to help poorer countries .
"the move takes the company out of the alcoholic energy drink field , and part of the agreement with the attorneys general is that will never again produce , distribute or market any alcoholic drinks containing caffeine or other stimulants ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a 40 year old woman who lived in the southern baghdad outskirts has died of cholera , the 12th death in iraq from a recent outbreak of the disease , an iraqi health ministry spokesman said thursday ."
fed chief sees crisis heading into 2009
the inauguration featured putin almost as much as the new president .
"disagreements over implementing the deal could be overcome , the reclusive leader told top official wang jiarui ."
many environmental groups claim japan s research program is merely an excuse to keep hunting whales .
"police said 350 , 000 people were on the streets during the peak of the demonstration , and said the total would have been higher ."
"the u . s . officials also gave a much lower casualty toll , with 27 civilians dead and 53 others wounded ."
"yvo de boer , general secretary of the u . n . framework convention on climate change , said the role of the united states would be critical in the discussions and that delegates must come up with a roadmap that s embraced by washington ."
"however , the agency said full confirmation results which would show whether this outbreak involved the far more contagious h5n1 strain were still being awaited ."
the anti piracy organization blamed the web sites in question for infringing upon film producers rights by unlawfully distributing movie content in cyberspace .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"then the two men escaped , she said ."
"now , it s putting that information together in a tool that google says could detect flu outbreaks faster than traditional systems currently in use ."
greece s conservative prime minister won re election sunday with a diminished majority in parliament after a financial scandal and devastating forest fires that killed more than 65 people last month .
"a protestant from boston , winters spent 18 months behind bars"
"however , on his second visit he failed to secure a meeting with the country s leader , general than shwe ."
"prime minister lee hai chan apologized yesterday for insults he directed last month at the opposition grand national party , which for the last 13 days has been boycotting the national assembly to force an expression of regret from the prime minister ."
"senator john mccain of arizona is the only republican who promises to end the george bush style of governing from and on behalf of a small , angry fringe , the paper s editorial board wrote ."
supersonic travel has not been offered to paying passengers since the last flight of british airways concorde in 2003 .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
does anyone know the moms and dads of these five babies ?
korea to double african aid by . . .
they describe how under armed guard classified materials were dumped into large open trenches and set on fire .
russian state television has portrayed alexander ponosov as a hero in a david and goliath battle against the legal system and international corporations .
judicial watch takes issue with the precedent .
the girl s suicide wednesday night was part of an expanding string of similar deaths that experts say have been encouraged by internet suicide sites since last summer .
cuzco is not for sale !
a senate committee vote on president george w bush s nomination of john bolton to become the next us ambassador to the un has been further delayed .
"almeida , 29 , was the girlfriend of senna , a former subsistence farmer and butcher , before he became rich ."
"park thinks japan should be criticized for its shameless attempts to distort history , but she considers it inappropriate for the president to get embroiled in the diplomatic disputes , a party official told the korea times ."
"this is a heartbreaking situation , losing 13 soldiers after losing 12 civilians only about a week ago , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan said in a statement from his office . cabinet will meet tomorrow and discuss the situation and next steps ."
"the search for that suspect , cpl . cesar armando laurean , was earthwide , onslow county sheriff ed brown said at a news conference monday ."
the leader of the ruling party automatically takes over as prime minister .
"virtual world , real emotions"
"violence has dras rather declined drastically , throughout iraq , but mosul remains a major security challenge ."
a group suicide through the internet was commited again .
"singing u2 gave a private concert in the 1 , 000 seat somerville theater last night ."
"yeltsin s body will remain on public display until wednesday afternoon , when it will be taken for burial in a state funeral at the novodevichy cemetery on the outskirts of moscow a break from the tradition of burying kremlin leaders in red square ."
"are included after recovering from injuries , but there is no place for manchester united s highly rated young goalkeeper ben foster ."
"voters raised the issues of gay marriage , how to end the war in iraq , how to better education and whether race was an issue in the response to hurricane katrina in the form of videos they shot of themselves and posted on youtube ."
"chimpanzees scampering on a treadmill have provided support for the notion that ancient human ancestors began walking on two legs because it used less energy than quadrupedal knuckle walking , scientists said ."
"in 1998 as part of the good friday peace agreement aimed at ending 30 years of sectarian violence , but was suspended in 2002 when an ira spying scandal stoked protestant anger toward sinn fein ."
"and i bet you can guess what , or who , is number one ."
"speaking on condition of anonymity , the official said that while the attorney general looked at the papers , rahman did not need to be detained ."
"the screen then dissolves to a colorful o that resembles an apple logo , with the internet address barackobama . com beneath ."
"the company expects charges between 328 million and 348 million related to the closures , including a charge of 200 million in the third quarter ."
"about 10 , 000 people gathered near the u . s . embassy in copenhagen ."
treasury secretary henry paulson said wednesday that more economic pain looms but he urged patience and said the federal government will use all tools necessary to support banks .
"his associates peter atkinson of oakville , ontario , jack boultbee of victoria , british columbia , and mark kipnis of northbrook , illinois were also due to be sentenced on monday ."
he added that the new grouping hoped to enlist other foreign unions .
smaller numbers of people voiced support for the law .
"south korean diplomats were traveling to the site of the shooting , foreign ministry spokesman cho hee yong said ."
"much of the criticism was directed at the school s arab american founding principal , debbie almontaser ."
"about a dozen security guards and police officers were on patrol tuesday when the brooklyn school opened , mainly to shepherd the throngs of reporters covering the event ."
"and one nld elected member was dragged away by them , witnesses said , asking not to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter ."
"each time the state of alaska raised its alcoholic beverage tax , fewer deaths were caused by or related to alcohol , according to the study that examined 28 years of data ."
"parente said that during the arrests , police found al qaeda manuals for the production of explosives , detonation devices , and various poisons ."
"mexico city s legislative assembly has voted to legalize abortion in the city , the capital of the world s second largest roman catholic country ."
"another important factor is that hybrids have been on the market long enough for consumers to trust the technology , miller said ."
"they killed many honest scholars , preachers and loyal mujahedeen , one of the group s spokesmen read from a written manifesto ."
a lot of them want to go .
"you might or might not encounter them , but i will guarantee that you will have no danger ."
"in lebanon , the bush administration will support the government to help marginalize violent extremists , according to rice ."
"the illinois senator also proposed amending bankruptcy laws to protect people trapped in predatory or misleading home loans and said that , as president , he d raise penalties on lenders who break home loan laws ."
"obama , who faces rival hillary clinton for the democratic nomination , has also been endorsed by oprah winfrey , bruce springsteen and scarlett johansson ."
"when the new suits roll out , each one will be tailored to the individual astronaut and slipped on like a snug wetsuit 8212"
"the celebrity chef s new endeavor called the jules verne , like the restaurant it replaced opened for its first dinner in late december ."
"a mortar attack from gaza on friday killed an israeli man in his yard in southern israel and wounded three others , the israel defense forces said ."
john davis says he shouldn t have to pay a 100 ticket for driving along the shoulder of a boston highway .
"a german man who was taken hostage by taliban insurgents in afghanistan in july was freed wednesday , germany s foreign minister announced ."
"her death came less than a year and a half after her mother , coretta scott king , died in january 2006 after battling ovarian cancer and the effects of a stroke"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
a dwindling number of transport workers were supporting the open ended walkout .
"china s military staged its first parade in hong kong on sunday , with 3 , 000 soldiers marching crisply in formation along with armored vehicles and helicopters , in a display of beijing s military might and dominance of the territory ."
the korea trade investment promotion agency kotra said tehran has refused to issue permits for south korean imports since oct .
"but ms . suu kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy , the support of the burmese people and the support of the world ."
"but i do tell my mother there are other things she can do , says london , who s studied the brain and aging . i tell her to go out and do things and see people every day and be active ."
"on the other hand russell crowe is relaxed and kicking up his heels as ed hoffman , roger s langley supervisor and often enough the eye in the sky , keeping his thumb on ferris through more of those scarily efficient satellite tracking systems we keep seeing in movies this year ."
"however , obama stresses america has but one leader at a time , and right now , it s bush who has to help ."
nasa astronaut sunita suni williams completed her version of the boston marathon on monday more than 210 miles above earth . i m done !
but stock markets from seoul to sydney posted gains of more than 2 percent after signs that u . s . takeover activity could soon recover boosted wall street overnight .
"le clezio told the interviewer his books were less a matter of expressing ideas , and more an expression of his beliefs ."
the south korean defense ministry is also considering sending military equipment and personnel to help rebuild affected areas .
"elliot mintz confirmed to the associated press on tuesday that he is again representing the 26 year old socialite , who was ordered to report to county jail by june 5 for violating the terms of her probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case ."
"before their historic summit in 2000 thawed relations , the two koreas had vilified each other for decades ."
"garrison faces a maximum sentence of 6 years , 8 months in prison when he returns to court for sentencing august 2 ."
palestinian militants have fired more than 40 qassam rockets into southern israel from gaza over the weekend .
"no surprise there , since sharks digest their food slowly ."
the windshield of the vehicle in which bhutto was riding was smashed by the blasts and a vehicle following hers was totally burned out .
the cdc estimates that there are 10 million cases of dengue around the world each year .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"david lang won the music award for the little match girl passion , which premiered oct . 25 at carnegie hall in new york ."
"princess diana and dodi al fayed were murdered , dodi s father mohamed al fayed has told the inquest into their deaths in a car crash in paris in 1997 ."
"it s a prospect karen mckeever , whose mother has alzheimer s disease , dreads ."
"on saturday , a bomb placed at an izmir market killed one person and injured 14 others , but there was no claim of responsibility for the attack , nor evidence that it was linked to the demonstration ."
and the couple fell behind on the mortgage last month .
"high demand sectors for waste water technologies include agri business and food processing , textiles and tanneries , electroplating and distilleries ."
"forces korea usfk , but the number of american soldiers stationed here is not as important as the quality of their services , said roh in a special interview with the yonhap news agency ."
"the question is , can he start doing that with general election voters tonight ?"
globo tv reported wednesday that police also are looking for four men suspected of involvement in the killing .
iran has agreed with iaea requests to answer unresolved questions about its nuclear program .
"the suzuki decision was released in a statement on monday , 10 days after honda , another major japanese car manufacturer , pulled its team out of formula one ."
"the princesses assume the position , that comes from the old school fairy tales that at one point were a comment on society ."
"yahoo announced tuesday that it plans to cut at least 10 of its workforce , or more than 1 , 500 employees , in the fourth quarter in an effort reduce costs ."
"on february 21 , two people died when an istanbul apartment building collapsed ."
"palestinian medics say 30 people are dead in an israeli air strike outside a un school in gaza , the second deadly airstrike to hit a un school in a matter of hours ."
sachs says more than fifty of the world s poorest countries would have a chance to improve the living and economic conditions for their people .
the taiwan weighted fell less than one percent .
"he was convicted in 1992 of eight counts of drug smuggling and racketeering and sentenced to 40 years in federal prison , later reduced to 30 years ."
"sanchez vicario most likely will replace nadal with tommy robredo , clay court specialist nicolas almagro or marcel granollers ."
"dawson looked nervous before the meeting at lotte hotel in central seoul , unlike tuesday , when he kept smiling during a briefing held after he was appointed goodwill ambassador for korean tourism by the korea tourism organization kto and for pyeongchang , a korean city bidding for the 2014 winter olympic games ."
the site of the blast is about 100 meters from the town hall in cangas .
accessing a person s medical records without authorization is a violation of the health insurance portability and accountability act hipaa a federal law that protects the privacy of patients .
the woman s husband was not abducted .
"though the issues of private lending requires urgent attention , the government s sudden change of attitude shows political intervention ."
"the court now has only one female justice , and it has never had a hispanic judge ."
he is the first person to receive the award .
"earlier , the party called on the government to set a specific timetable for the withdrawal of troops from the middle eastern nation in the first half of next year ."
"qari yousef ahmadi , calling himself a taliban spokesman , told the associated press that militants had shot the helicopter down ."
"in his statement on the group s web site , obeida called for palestinian factions to be ready for a new confrontation with israeli forces after israeli military operations in the west bank left nine palestinians dead over the weekend ."
here s ap religion editor steve coleman .
lamin said he found the letters as he was clearing out his parents home several years ago .
"martin was taken to a nearby lifeguard station , and a medical helicopter was called in , but he apparently bled to death at the scene , the statement said ."
despite being in the middle east
"that would mean french troops , who are already in the capital , could use force against the rebels . four u . s . embassy staff members have set up temporary operations at n djamena s airport ."
markets across the world made impressive gains monday after european banks followed britain s lead and announced huge bailouts for their banking sectors .
"in the summer , moscow asked for a delay in talks among south korea , north korea and russia on extending the railway ."
images of the victims with black eyes and stitches were on the front pages of leading newspapers tuesday .
"walton s journey from schlub to star surprised him as much as anybody , he told cnn ."
"three arrests were in britain , one in france , and one in portugal , sandulli said ."
"earlier , a military helicopter searched the sea while state authorities combed the beach near the towns of san francisco ixhuatan and san francisco del mar , about 200 miles"
the resignations follow an announcement by the military junta which took over the country last month that members of any party found to have broken electoral laws would be banned from politics for five years .
the plan to blanket chicago s 228 square miles with wireless internet access was announced early last year when chicago leaders said they hoped to become one of the largest cities to offer all over access to the web .
"an 850 pound emerald said to be worth as much as 370 million is in the hands of the los angeles county sheriff s department while a court decides who really owns it , a spokesman for the sheriff said ."
"not the pledge itself . according to a study published monday in the journal pediatrics , pledge takers are as likely to have sex before marriage as other teens who are also religious , but don t take the pledge ."
"axelrod was reacting to a comment by ferraro , the democratic party s vice presidential nominee in 1984 , that appeared in the daily breeze of torrance , california , on friday ."
the italian football federation will no longer request tickets for away games involving the world cup champions until fan violence is brought under control .
and carried signs that said the genocide olympics .
they extracted the nucleus and injected it into eggs whose dna had been removed .
"morgan , who was christa mcauliffe s backup on the tragic 1986 challenger mission , was scheduled to talk to students in massachusetts on sunday but that chat was canceled ."
local officials said at least 500 people were killed .
"endeavour was almost totally rebuilt during its overhaul and was like a new space shuttle , shuttle program manager wayne hale told reporters at kennedy space center in florida , where the launch will take place ."
the runoff election pits incumbent ken cockrel jr .
"some dell latitude and inspiron models shipped between november 2004 and november 2005 are also covered by the recall , as well as some toshiba satellite and tecra laptops sold from april 2005 to october 2005 ."
"a team of five specialists from airbus is being dispatched to the site . people in a civilian vessel saw the crash take place off the coast near perpignan , the french government official said ."
don t be surprised to see a mactablet as well .
"guerrillas assaulted nine police stations , overturning several , and battled u . s . and iraqi troops around bridges across the tigris river in the city , where a curfew was imposed a day earlier ."
"i feel like i m in a dream , said his father , whom cnn has agreed not to name ."
"mccain is slated to go to the white house on wednesday to receive the endorsement of president bush , according to two republican sources ."
but who drew the pictures ? only klages father could know .
"eight people were injured , five of them seriously , according to police . most of the victims were students in their teens and 20s , medical officials said ."
the deadline for the u . s . government to present the deal to congress is april 2 .
"ban ki moon , minister of foreign affairs and trade , wednesday tried to dodge criticism by a top u . s . lawmaker who accused seoul of taking an apologetic attitude toward communist north korea ."
he admitted that the number of iraqi army battalions capable of operating without us support had fallen since june from three to one .
"taliban militants fired rockets near president hamid karzai in an apparent assassination attempt in central afghanistan on sunday , but the missiles fell far from their target and no one was hurt , officials and witnesses said ."
"earlier president george w bush praised the bill , a compromise measure between republicans and democrats without any timetable for a us troop withdrawal ."
state department spokesman tom casey said tuesday that the u . s . wanted the koreans returned to their families and stressed that u . s . policy was not to make concessions to terrorists .
"the ministry of health and welfare has proposed to stiffen existing regulations on indoor smoking , and wants to ban the practice in most commercial and public buildings in the country ."
"two recent outbreaks one involving peanut butter , the other involving tomatoes and hot peppers have put the agency on the spot , so the fda has asked the pentagon , homeland security , agriculture , and the cdc to lend a hand ."
"it is our belief that any job that has the blessings of lord hanuman is bound to be a success , said kangdi ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
but european peace monitors blamed the rebels for a gross violation of the 2002 ceasefire .
"the kidnapping issue was one of the bigger stumbling blocks in the nuclear negotiations involving the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia ."
"the korea times reports he also clarified his opposition to a possible change in the current north korean government so that it can continue pursuing a market opening in a stable manner , according to presidential spokesman kim man soo ."
beckham is scheduled to return to the u . s . at the end of march to prepare for the start of major league soccer and would be unavailable from the quarterfinal stages on in europe .
"it started in the morning with a trip to nasa s goddard space flight center in suburban maryland , where she heard three astronauts aboard the international space station describe their work ."
". . . what s also nice is we go through this transformation , where we kind of literally rip off our feminine things to fight ."
"the southern seaside resort town of cox s bazar appeared deserted after the warning was issued wednesday evening , with rough seas ."
the united nations estimates that there are currently six million people living with hiv in south africa and just one in 10 of them get the treatment they need .
earlier us president george w bush praised iraqi pm nouri maliki s decision to order the crackdown .
"britain s royalty obsessed mass circulation newspapers are awash with speculation about why they separated , and many have focused on kate s mother a former airline stewardess ."
but none for either best director or best drama .
one iranian was sentenced to a year in prison here for violations of korea s financial transfer laws .
"he passed secrets in exchange for hefty payments from december 2001 to february 2004 , said the spy chief , alberto saiz , head of the national intelligence agency known by its spanish initials cni ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide bomber drove an explosives laden truck into a village near the northern iraqi city of tal afar on monday , killing at least 28 people and wounding 50 others , an iraqi army official said ."
"fandel , who refereed the champions league final between ac milan and liverpool , said he was surprised and shocked by the attack ."
"cleaning staff found the two men s bodies in a room at the grand hyatt hotel on friday afternoon , a police spokeswoman said , speaking on condition of anonymity due to policy ."
"meanwhile , gunmen in gaza city opened fire on palestinian demonstrators who were demanding an end to the bloodshed , killing one and sending dozens scrambling for cover , gaza hospital officials said ."
"i think phil did a great job , countered chuck freedman , an it specialist from suburban detroit , michigan ."
washington turned out adoring schoolchildren and ladies in hats for queen elizabeth ii s visit .
"if you find something that s cheaper , print out the ad or find a flyer and bring it with you ."
"the director , a native of poland who lives in france , has continued to direct films ."
"korea is the world s fourth biggest crude oil buyer , importing 805 million barrels last year ."
"after almost eight years , i did not think i could be surprised about anything that george bush says , but i was wrong , obama said ."
"the big east , villa nova , is in the ncaa final four , the east regional crown following a dramatic 78 76 win over conference foe pittsburgh ."
"we strongly encourage our athletes to participate in opening ceremonies , seibel said . it is a tremendous honor to walk into the olympic stadium behind the flag of your nation , and to do so in a ceremony honoring and celebrating athletes from around the world ."
"a farmer s income can fluctuate wildly because of droughts and floods , the price of farm equipment and other factors that affect the amount and quality of his products and the demand for them ."
"eindhoven , netherlands cnn philips electronics nv says it has developed a three dimensional television ."
"recently , the wall street journal published an article titled , even leftists have servants now ."
"well , you know , the buzzword for it is neoconism , scowcroft said on cnn earlier this month ."
"soba noodles in tsuyu soup , with deep fried shrimp on the side , or sample the classic tempura soba"
officials in the northern philippines said the storm already killed five people there monday .
"jim ritterbusch , president of energy consultancy ritterbusch and associates in galena , illinois , said traders were reacting to news reports that iran s government is considering cutting crude oil production ."
"the effective breeding population is estimated to be below 10 , 000 individuals and the species faces threats from human attacks and habitat loss ."
"the magnetic strength of the headphones varies by brand and model , but the study found that 3 centimeters was a safe distance for all ."
cnn and cnn . com will carry the event live .
"but most hair is sold for about 300 to 900 , says marlys fladeland of hairwork . com ."
"toyota motor corp . rose 8 . 1 percent , canon inc . jumped 11 . 7 percent and sony corp . advanced 6 . 3 percent ."
"the teens had been trained in recent weeks , khalaf said ."
"san francisco , california cnn the person mauled to death by a siberian tiger at the san francisco zoo on christmas was 17 year old carlos sousa of san jose , california , the san francisco medical examiner s office said wednesday ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"harmony jude creech apparently had been dead for weeks , harnett county sheriff larry rollins said late saturday night ."
he said the longtime kurdish leader s departure from iraq for jordan s capital amman should not be interpreted as an indication that his health is grave .
living in a cage in hong kong
"she wasn t expecting it , and i was quite nervous more nervous about proposing to her in front of 40 family and friends than about performing in front of 40 , 000 people onstage , dorough told people earlier this year ."
"as news of the shooting spread , people gathered outside the mall , checking on loved ones who were inside ."
"the pair are consuelo gonzalez , a colombian politician who had been in custody for more than 6 years , and clara rojas , an aide to fellow hostage and former colombian presidential candidate ingrid betancourt . the rebels have not agreed to release betancourt ."
"we want to avoid the situation getting out of hand , so we need to deepen our efforts to make a breakthrough , hu said ."
i wasn t grasping the racket very well and i wasn t feeling very well when i went to the court . i couldn t play more than three balls on every point . i didn t have power in the legs .
"a man made an emergency call to police this morning , saying he killed his entire family , the official said ."
"they came saturday and asked me how am i and i said , it s awful , it s very , very cold and i m not well , he told wwlp channel 22 ."
"police chief john dennee would not say how peterson died , but said he was no longer a threat to the public ."
"the isf dealt with it , showing the people they are trained and ready , the u . s . military official said ."
"police sources told cnn the bomber , who was riding a motorcycle , blew himself up near bhutto s vehicle ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"russell , who previously worked at scottish salmon farms and took the northern ireland job just three days before the attack , said he had never seen anything like it in 30 years in the business ."
"and that s bad news for mccain , because the poll suggests a growing number of americans believe the republican presidential nominee would have the same policies as the current republican president ."
the 50 year old actress is citing irreconcilable differences .
"aerial footage showed the middle of the bridge caved in , lying in the mississippi river , with cars both on top and submerged in the water ."
bhutto named akhtar as a suspect in the karachi bombing .
but global sea levels have been rising at the rate of three millimeters per year since 1993 .
draft likely to be reduced
"protecting the american people was the no . 1 job of a president and mccain understood that , bush said ."
"the casuality toll stood at 161 dead and more than 1 , 300 injured by the explosion of oil and chemicals , aid agencies said ."
so what is apple doing next ?
"los angeles , california cnn merv griffin , the entertainer turned impresario who parlayed his jeopardy and wheel of fortune game shows into a multimillion dollar empire , has died ."
the government plans to update its websites in english or publish newsletters to provide information and advice to foreigners .
the fbi said it learned in 1991 that she had passed information to a chinese intelligence officer but the matter was left to smith to handle .
he was taken on february 10 in basra while on assignment for cbs news .
"without this facility , the reactor can t operate and can t produce more plutonium for weapons ."
"while saddam challenged the court s authority during his court session , many of his former lieutenants addressed the judge politely ."
"the journal confirms that she and her mother smuggled the monkey into the united states by hiding it under her shirt , pretending she was pregnant in order to get past authorities , the statement from mcdevitt s office said ."
"i ve waited a long time for my neighbors to start coming home , she said , noting fewer than a third of the neighbors have moved back ."
you can blame this summer s hot weather for the drought .
"our reaction is clear , we may kill him , he said , when asked what the taliban would do if none"
"despite an extensive search involving police , coastguards and the royal navy , no trace was found of the prison officer and former teacher ."
the name harmony was the choice of schoolchildren who took part in a national competition .
"on the 24th , the lowest average in our survey was wichita , kansas ."
he married bruni less than four months after his divorce from cecilia sarkozy .
the ski train is a 68 year old local favorite that shuttles about 750 people between denver and winter park .
"he added , obviously , i m not going to accept a deal that doesn t advance the interests of the region ."
"the television company , in that specific fragment of its programming , committed the crime of inciting to assassinate in the person of the chief of state of venezuela , lara said , referring to leftist president hugo chavez ."
"that was a hard fought match , every point , right down to the end ."
grand national party gnp presidential nominee lee myung bak dismissed his rival chung dong young s proposal for a public debate on key national issues and values .
"after the summer , your midweek business drops substantially and you become a weekend business , said dan fellman , head of distribution at warner bros . you need strong reviews to keep your motor going ."
it is hard for you to motivate team member wilson because you have no authority to promote or fire him .
that s julie walker live at new york s la guardia airport .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"tulba opened his bag to show the snakes to the police and asked the officers , who held a safe distance , not to come close ."
"as the presidential race heads in the home stretch , more newspapers are making their choices known ."
"however , he did add that the fembot s software could be tweaked to simulate her having an orgasm ."
"the prequel is hand written and signed by the author , according to waterstone s , a large bookstore in central london that that hosted the event ."
"with 89 percent of the vote tallied , zapatero s socialists had 44 percent of the vote , followed by mariano rajoy s conservative partido popular with 40 percent . sunday s turnout was put at 75 . 4 percent late in the day ."
"in los r iacute os province , five people died when an ambulance drove into a hole at the side of a street at dawn thursday ."
draft likely to be reduced
"kookmin bank was named yesterday as the priority bidder for korea exchange bank , as predicted recently by many bankers ."
"top u . s . officials , including president bush , have accused iran of meddling in iraq by fomenting sectarian violence and providing arms to illegal militias ."
"the army s 1st cavalry division sent a helicopter search and rescue task force from fort hood , texas ."
but the airplane isn t the only place along your travel route where germs thrive .
some of the victims lost their lives when their homes collapsed under the pressure of the snow .
"he also appointed an administrator , shane kelley , a fort lauderdale lawyer , to sort through the competing interests and recommend who will bury smith , and where ."
"the band have played several times since they split , including at live aid in 1985 ."
the two major groups representing developing countries the non aligned movement and the group of 77 wrote separate letters accusing the security council of ever increasing encroachment on the role and responsibility of other u . n . organs .
"karr has said he was with jonbenet when she died , but insists her death was an accident ."
about 54 of respondents to a mainichi newspaper survey said the next premier should not visit the shrine .
an army statement on friday accused the government of tolerating radical islam and vowed to defend secularism .
"janaki purushe , a 22 year old genetic researcher living in rockville , maryland , bikes just about everywhere she goes ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2809293
"there was always this hope that china would pick up the slack for the u . s . , but if china is seeing a slowdown , that could bash those hopes , singapore based investment analyst nicole sze of bank julius baer co . , which manages about 300 billion in assets , told the associated press ."
"not true , blair s spokesman told reporters at the g8 summit in germany ."
"according to the national statistical office nso , the number of people living alone rose 42 . 5 percent to 3 . 17 million in 2005 from 2000 , accounting for 20 percent of the country s total households ."
"none of the quakes was expected to cause a tsunami , according to the pacific tsunami warning center or ptwc in honolulu , hawaii ."
george jones is among the kennedy center honorees who took a bow last night .
nato officials argue that this is far from the truth and the country has experienced significant development and growth with constant attention being paid to security problems .
"israel also says it welcomes an egyptian french ceasefire proposal , as long as hamas stops militant weapons smuggling and rocket attacks ."
"jack jordan , 37 , will serve the probationary term in his home state of maryland with a stipulation that he obtain outpatient psychiatric treatment , spokesperson tracy golden confirmed ."
"flash floods and inundated roads hampered the rescue efforts and traffic in the city of 4 million , about 130 miles southeast of the capital , dhaka . many schools and businesses were forced to close for the day ."
day one
"pakistani president asif ali zardari has said stateless actors carried out the attack while indian authorities say they believe all the attackers were pakistanis , specifically blaming lashkar e tayyiba let , an islamic militant group based in pakistan ."
"seoul , south korea cnn north korea expressed gratitude to the united states thursday for helping one of its ships repel pirates , the latest sign of improving relations between the longtime foes as the north scales back its nuclear program ."
"flores is suspected of transferring classified material and could face 12 years in prison if convicted , saiz said ."
they could see land but had no idea where they were .
"he used employees from delta , american airlines and food services company aramark to help smuggle the drugs into the united states , the complaint says ."
"it rapidly lost strength as it traversed the peninsula and weakened to a category 1 storm , but could still re strengthen , the national hurricane center warned ."
the poll of polls is an average of the latest state surveys .
"in september , it was announced william is to train to become a full time search and rescue pilot with the raf ."
china s best known historical landmark stretches from the seacoast east of beijing to gansu province in the western desert .
police and local officials said it was an accident but many residents were unconvinced .
it said the aircraft carried 126 passengers and seven crew .
"chinese espionage poses the single largest risk to the security of the us technology , a panel has told congress ."
"in the study , paul and colleagues looked at 1 , 839 healthy people with an average age of about 61 ."
"on friday , trade minister kim hyun chong said in seoul that a free trade pact with the united states was necessary for korea to become an advanced international trader ."
defense minister yoon ruled out a possibility that south korean troops would be engaged in combat or public security missions during a crucial iraqi national election in jan .
globo tv reported wednesday that police also are looking for four men suspected of involvement in the killing .
"if they are confirmed to have fabricated academic or career records , they might be disqualified from office ."
"we re likely to gain following the lead of u . s . markets , although advances are likely to come in spurts given that there s still not enough confidence global markets have initiated a sustained recovery , said kim hak kyun , an analyst at korea investment and securities ."
the fda usually follows panel recommendations .
"consequently , banks worldwide shunned north korean business for fears of losing access to american markets ."
"it is part of a collection of pieces that is expected to bring as much as 12 million , she said ."
"from subsistence farmers eating rice in ecuador to gourmets feasting on escargot in france , consumers worldwide face rising food prices in what analysts call a perfect storm of conditions ."
"long term plans are underway as well for a ufo themed amusement park , complete with an indoor roller coaster that would take passengers on a simulated alien abduction ."
"in march , obama spent about 31 million on his presidential campaign , compared with clinton s 22 million ."
takeshima is the japanese name for the korean controlled dokdo islets in the east sea long an issue of contention between they two countrys .
"craig told police that he had reached down to the floor to pick up a piece of paper , the officer wrote ."
bergersen faces up to 10 years in prison when he is sentenced on 20 june .
weir and his partner john hemm plan to be the first in their county to marry under a california supreme court ruling that allows same sex marriages .
"favorites have won their first game in the tournament , hiddink said monday ."
he said nowak appeared to take the news well .
the downpours caused a small mudslide on the edge of the airfield at congonhas airport that spilled over onto a highway that provides access to the terminal .
this man talked with knbc tv about what it was like in his neighborhood .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"autos make up about 10 percent of total exports in south korea , the world s 10th largest economy ."
"the plane , carrying 56 passengers and four crew members , circled for nearly two hours over kochi airport in western japan as it tried to extend its front wheels and negotiate an emergency landing ."
apart from two or three irate letters the reaction to offering equal prize money has been very positive .
"the team that won the opener has captured the series 63 of 103 times , including 10 of the last 11 ."
"the korean international school notified the south korean embassy about the incident and four consular officers arrived at the scene , the embassy said ."
but rushdie always defended his
singapore s straits times index was off four percent and the bse sensex in mumbai slipped five percent .
there will be no crisis on the peninsula on october .
"ma describes it as a musical party , a collection of good time collaborations with musical buddies , james taylor and diana krall among them ."
"their appearance , captured by the french media , came two months after the french president s divorce from his wife of 11 years , cecilia ."
"to take the concerns and anger of australian people and other people into consideration , i think the japanese government has started to have an intensive discussion about what steps should be taken , said tomohiko taniguchi , a foreign ministry spokesman ."
a team of scientists at penn state university could be one step closer to bringing extinct species back to life .
"all the passengers and crew on the ship were ferried by coast guard vessels to a nearby landing and taken to a hotel , the statement said ."
i will stay in the country to help establish peace .
the beating to death of a man who filmed a dispute between officials and villagers in communist china on his mobile phone has prompted a nationwide outcry .
entwistle fled to england after the killings .
"the band was created in 2004 with seven members , all korean diplomats ."
"he often referred to democrats as dems , for example ."
"israeli parliament member ze ev boim said he thinks hamas leaders understand now the ability of israel to react , and our determination to stop the qassam rockets launching on sderot ."
"south korea and the united states will hold talks in washington early next month to finalize plans for the relocation of american forces here , officials said on tuesday ."
"he is being investigated by the thai junta on allegations of corruption , principally over the controversial sale of his family s telecoms firm , shin corp , in january 2006 ."
the leaders of north and south korea have signed a joint declaration calling for a permanent peace deal on the korean peninsula .
flying with the flu ?
"a herd of wild elephants driven berserk by country liquor trampled to death six people , among them four children , during a rampage in india s northeastern state of assam ."
mexico quickly becoming favorite place for car thieves
"two young boys , a mini policeman and a mini soldier sporting painted on mustaches , march stiffly and salute ."
"an estimated 250 people have died in the violence that erupted following the controversial re election of president kibaki , according to police and journalists across the country ."
"improving corporate governance is one of the most important tasks south korean companies are facing , kang said ."
the attorneys filed the 239 page motion for dismissal in los angeles superior court tuesday .
"parity for the euro and pound is within sight , as the euro rose to an all time high of 0 . 9722 pound ."
"child malnutrition rates have jumped from 19 percent before the invasion four years ago to 28 percent now , and there are two million internally displaced people , many of whom have no or little access to food rations ."
"but considering we were facing expulsion i think this is a victory , certainly a broader victory for the students at ryerson ."
israel on monday continued its military assault on gaza from the air and the ground .
congress is expected this week to pick apart u . s . military data suggesting attacks and civilian casualties in baghdad have sharply decreased in recent months .
"at the time of the announcement , the families were on their way to the crash site , but immediately returned to phnom penh to get details and other information ."
"while abbas cited israeli military operations and settlement expansions as the major deterrents to peace , cheney homed in on the rockets that have been hurtling into israel from hamas controlled gaza ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
a newspaper published by china s ruling communist party has blasted the latest guns n roses album as an attack on the nation .
"china recently surpassed the united states as the world s largest greenhouse gas emitter , according to a june report by the netherlands environmental assessment agency ."
"fellow backstreet boys bandmates were in attendance as dorough , 34 , married leigh boniello at st . james cathedral in a traditional catholic ceremony , people and ok ! magazine reported on their web sites ."
ben ainslie named world sailor of the year
"on the today show , melnick said there were no indications the boy had been in trouble before ."
"for one thing , there are hints that you need to be genetically susceptible ."
"nato led forces killed a senior taliban leader with a precision airstrike near a southern afghan town overrun by militants , a spokesman for the alliance said sunday ."
"we have full confidence in euro 2012 in poland and ukraine , uefa president michel platini said ."
"mosley admits to visiting the prostitutes , but denies there were nazi overtones to the encounter ."
"same sex marriage supporters called in gay and didn t work , boycotted spending money , volunteered and demonstrated ."
"for kassouf , small changes started with soda ."
"from one site , located about five kilometers south of the field , officials from the ministry of of commerce , industry and energy project the amount of lng could reach 5 million tons ."
"following a speech tuesday by south korean president roh moo hyun in which he said japan might be asked for further compensation for atrocities committed during the colonial era , foreign minister ban ki moon said that yesterday the comments pointed up the need for japan to take more faithful measures to address the issue ."
britain has privately c omplained to beijing that chinese made weapons are being used by the taliban to attack british troops in afghanistan .
suicide blast
the sedative effects of the heroin and the nighttime sleep aids make for a deadly brew .
"in the outstanding british film category slumdog was joined by the award winning hunger , which documents the life of ira hunger striker bobby sands , the comedy thriller in bruges , mamma mia !"
"political leaders cobbled together a five party interim government wednesday , ending 192 days of political deadlock and acrimony that revealed how differently dutch speaking and francophone belgians see the future of their bilingual nation ."
"the ban also restricts the types of smaller whales that can be hunted , such as a former favorite of the coastal operations the minke ."
"the colombian government declared a state of emergency monday , allowing officials to take over businesses that used pyramid schemes to steal millions of dollars from 3 million investors ."
"nevertheless , he put all groups and people on notice everyone must respect the law ."
.
"but the mudslinging , void of any sound policy competition , has only invited cynicism and criticism from the public , who expected a positive turn in this election campaign with so many younger candidates ."
"amsterdam , netherlands the winston"
secretary of state colin powell is now en route to new delhi in defusing the latest tensions the united states was ready to assist if there was a dialogue .
"fredric j . baur , of cincinnati , died may 4 at vitas hospice in cincinnati , his family said ."
"the big question is whether the north koreans are really ready to make some progress , hill said ."
"we can t yet say if the target was the bodyguard or the politician he protects , camacho said at a nationally televised news conference ."
"sen . hillary clinton will officially end her campaign for the presidency by the end of the week , multiple sources told cnn ."
ronald hope says the tradition of referring to sailing vessels as she dates back to the days of ancient greece .
"some retailers are still overcharging foreigners , said a researcher of the board ."
general sir richard dannatt said the prince s deployment would pose a threat to him and those serving alongside him .
"he said it s his biggest work ever , in scale and complexity ."
"you know , the days of just pork coming out of congress as a strategy , those days are over ."
china threatens retaliation over tainted import claims .
"the pueblo heart study found that although 399 people were hospitalized for heart attacks before any smoke free laws went into effect , that number dropped to 237 three years after the law s introduction , a 41 percent decline ."
some fishermen and environmentalists believe the sharp decline is related to increased water exports from the san joaquin sacramento river delta .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"some of president nicolas sarkozy s rivals condemned the raids as a bid to look tough on security ahead of next month s municipal election , noting that the media was alerted in advance to the operation ."
"nasa said it is unknown what the object was , but the possibility that it could have been ice from a wastewater vent sent investigators back to a detailed search for evidence that the shuttle may have formed ice throughout its mission ."
the oscar nominated actress confirmed monday that she s pregnant .
"the new bases can deploy about 200 rodong missiles with a range of up to 2 , 200 kilometers and 50 ssn 6 missiles with a range of 2 , 500 4 , 000 kilometers , the report claimed ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"tigers are universally threatened , with only about 100 still living in vietnam , the world wildlife fund said ."
i was confident in the players for the penalties . they like to practice penalties every day after training .
from the bbc to a japanese station to national news outlets
"during two days of meetings that mark abe s first u . s . trip as prime minister , bush and abe will look to publicly convey the health of a crucial alliance that has gained importance as rival china accumulates economic and military power ."
it wants to reduce costs in its north american business by 6bn by 2010 .
such a move would allow the treasury department to go after the finances of the group and those who do business with it .
and the image of tokyo at night looks like a giant electrical circuit board
"it added , from the outset , details of this allegation have appeared in the media , which they attributed to a police source , and wednesday s report of the interview was another example of such a leak ."
flying with the flu ?
"in a series of five studies , about 150 heterosexual men homosexual men and those with red green color blindness were excluded rated photographs of women framed in red , white , gray , green , or blue , or with the woman in a red or blue shirt ."
president roh criticized opponents of capital relocation .
"a landlord is promising 2 months free rent if his apartment tenants in ohio , florida , north carolina and texas lose their jobs ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the soldiers release comes a day before turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan meets with u . s . president george w . bush in washington .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"as long as the marginal cost of driving is so low , the big changes aren t going to happen , said schipper , who supports both a larger u . s . gas tax and more fuel efficient vehicles ."
could gore serve alongside bill clinton in an obama administration ?
who has done this and why it was done is obvious .
but the korea times reports he accused the stalinist state of international provocations with a series of missile and nuclear tests .
"if indeed the photographs were taken by installing a camera in the bathroom of the prison it was a serious invasion of the right of privacy of the petitioner , her lawyer k . t . s . tulsi told the court ."
we will not accept this judgment and i ll do my best to continue representing her because justice needs to take place .
3 . scents and sensibility
"to provide food , clothing and shelter , and fulfill the aspirations of the great people of my country who deserve a better future than they have had in the past ."
both vetoed a un resolution critical of burma s rulers last january .
how do you keep going when you re not doing very well ?
"they also include rojas son , emmanuel , who was born in captivity , and consuelo gonzalez , a former colombian congressman , he said ."
"extra vigilance is necessary as the months pass to prevent a depression , experts warned , pointing out the importance of looking for the best in life ."
"that s a big load that s pulling you forward , said liza shapiro , an anthropology professor at the university of texas and the only one of the study s three authors who has actually been pregnant . you experience discomfort . maybe it would be a lot worse if the design changes were not there ."
"alaska s investigation into whether sarah palin abused her power as governor , by firing the state s public safety commissioner , has run into resistance ."
and documentary man on wire .
"tangled family issues aren t going to disappear for the holidays , so you want to be prepared to defuse them delicately ."
the two men were doing relief work in the southern city of nasiriyah on monday when shooting erupted between italian forces and shiite militiamen .
many analysts say this financial crisis is the worst since the great depression .
joshua myers wife and young daughter were gunned down while on a porch
palestinian medical sources said tuesday 10 members of the fatah affiliated national guard and 11 hamas gunmen were killed .
"meanwhile , sponsors of proposition 8 have gone to the state supreme court , asking for an order to nullify the estimated 18 , 000 same sex marriages that were performed before the amendment was passed by voters in november ."
"although i don t believe there have ever been any differences about the objectives of our policy in the central command area of responsibility , the simple perception that there is makes it difficult for me to effectively serve america s interests there , fallon said ."
"he and others administered first aid to victims until afghan police and military secured the building and evacuated the wounded , he said ."
"nawaz sharif , also a former prime minister and a political rival , announced his muslim league party would boycott the elections ."
"as they cleared the area , they found several bodies ."
"in a laughable decision , us magazine giant time has been ordered to pay 106m in damages to the former indonesian president suharto ."
president hugo chavez predicts renewed political upheaval in his nation again .
obama had been courting edwards for four months .
"really , all he wants is a guest spot on the howard stern show ."
the nevada tourism people hope this downsized corner of the state can cash in on the current mania for ufos and all things paranormal .
"the number of bombings and suicide attacks has dropped dramatically in the iraqi capital , prime minister nuri al maliki said sunday , claiming sectarian violence is closed now ."
"many people remained inside homes that were set afire by the demonstrators , ijewere said ."
"the government warned recently that china s mining industry , the most dangerous in the world , would likely see more accidents as output was boosted to provide heating for the winter months ."
"this is the problem , and unless they change their thinking , an agreement will be difficult , sasae said earlier sunday ."
"it is a landmark agreement that will put the institution on a solid financial footing and modernize the imf s structure and operations , he said in a statement ."
"shooting begins this month , and the movie is due out may 22 , 2008 ."
"to come up with a flexible screen at that image quality is groundbreaking , mori said . you can drop it , and it won t break because it s as thin as paper ."
"kim il joo , ex head of the gnp s songnam district chapter , allegedly received 1 . 4 billion won 1 . 4 million from the head of the firm called miraero land , identified as kil , for lifting a height restriction and helping the businessman meet the mayor in person ."
"south carolina is bringing forward its republican presidential primary poll , a move set to trigger further changes in the us electoral calendar ."
"at the moment , they are on the ground there , said alexandre essone , a monuc public information officer in kananga ."
she was appointed to the mta board by then gov .
perth children s court president denis reynolds said the murder was gruesome and merciless in the extreme .
"what has been done is spectacular , said eu official jos delbeke , the head of the commission s climate change unit ."
"a university official also said that cho scribed writings so disturbing they were sent to administrators , a university official said tuesday ."
but that didn t stop a sea lion from joining schoolchildren on a walk a thon .
or did one of the crowd artfully slip it off his wrist and pocket it ?
second half strikes from younes kaboul and kanu appeared to have put fa cup winners portsmouth on the way to a famous victory over the star studded serie a side in a thrilling group e match played in pouring rain .
officials said the standards for loan modifications should fast track changes in payments .
"meanwhile , outgoing president roh moo hyun has stepped up his criticism of president elect lee myung bak s policies and his conservative platform ."
this material may not be published .
new polls show barack obama bolting ahead of john mccain in three crucial battleground states just five weeks before election day .
"at least 4 , 295 people died in the 6 . 3 magnitude earthquake which struck south of the city of yogyakarta . countries around the world have promised aid for the devastated region ."
it showed an image of bin laden wearing the same black beard and clothes as in the most recent video .
"authorities detained four captors after intercepting them on a road leading to the western part of the country , and one other was unaccounted for , the bolivarian news agency reported ."
"khawthar al jouan , a female lawyer who helped fight the latest case in court , told reporters in kuwait"
"rescuers are planning to use an adjacent shaft to lift them out , a spokeswoman for the mine s owner , harmony gold mining , said ."
two civilians were killed and 9 others wounded when a roadside bomb detonated at a busy intersection in central baghdad .
"we are not pleased to have british citizens in our country as captives , he said . maybe if the uk government would have acted otherwise , we would not have had the case drag on so long ."
"and it isn t just lending them moral support , but it s putting pressure on financial institutions like the bank of america as well as making sure that we have our court system enforce the federal laws so these workers are getting what they re entitled to under the law and under what is the right thing to do ."
"the summer heat and humidity result in greater use of air conditioners , boosting electricity demand ."
"but as the wedding approached , nowick says , she felt overwhelmed by her friend s bickering and constant demands ."
"a total of 10 , 800 people were evacuated from the 55 floor building ."
if they have income from jobs .
"then , fukuda would have had to dissolve the lower house and call snap elections ."
most of the sexual experiences took place at their homes or friends homes .
"they are clearly unhappy with the unfair situation , range told new scientist magazine ."
"with nearly two thirds of the votes counted , hashim thaci s democratic party is leading with 35 percent , according to results on the web site of the pro democracy group democracy 2007 , which is monitoring the election ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the 13 by 10 inch photo was bought by an anonymous bidder on behalf of a collector , christie s said ."
"this is a once in a lifetime event to witness , along the lines of when comet shoemaker levy 9 smashed into jupiter back in 1994 , lewis said ."
flying with the flu ?
"the humba group had nine members at last count , said pierre peron of virunga national park , and experts are eager to see how many it now includes ."
"the bridge fell 60 feet , about six stories , into the river ."
"bollea , who was wearing a seat belt , was not seriously injured ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the trial had been running for 66 days and had cost taxpayers an estimated us 950 , 000 ."
"among capitals , it is london that scores best ."
"it is evident that the driver of the vehicle saw he was approaching the end of the runway , burroughs said ."
"according to sutarso , who only goes by one name , about 100 people are assisting with the search , but are not able to reach all areas ."
at least two palestinian fighters were also killed in fighting during the assault .
he said the amount was paid after guarantees from a third country .
"stocks are tumbling , credit markets remain tight this morning ."
"this is a very sensitive issue , boulos was quoted as saying on reuters . com ."
"assistant secretary david welch , the state department s top envoy for the middle east , discussed the idea with blair in london last week ."
this is a blessing from god .
this year s tour de france has taken a disastrous turn after race leaer michael rasmussen was sensationally kicked out by his own rabobank team .
"more than 20 plain clothed policemen took hu jia from his home in beijing , according to his wife , zeng jinyan ."
"we also saw madoff go to jail , which i think had a huge impact on confidence the psychology of the market ."
obama s remarks came just hours after the federal government announced a massive rescue package for citigroup
kumgang tourism and kaesong industrial complex projects in a direction that is compatible with the spirit and objective of the u . n . security council resolution .
"in the republican address , wyoming senator john barrasso says the white house is ignoring an energy supply that could be used alongside wind and solar power"
all the images are available in hi resolution and are free to access .
"suspected islamic insurgents fired mortar rounds at a somali government meeting in mogadishu on thursday , barely missing the target but striking a nearby village , killing six civilians most of them children a government spokesman told cnn ."
"i thanked dr . harvey for his distinguished service to the department and to the nation , gates said . this flagship institution must have its new leadership in place as quickly as possible ."
draft likely to be reduced
"they were made as an internal check on the cia s use of harsh interrogation techniques , believed to include waterboarding , a technique that involves restraining a suspect and pouring water them to produce the sensation of drowning ."
"such as mobile phones , wireless messaging units and game playing devices has caused a physical mutation in young people s hands ."
"de jesus claims of divinity have angered christian leaders , who say he is a fake ."
"in seoul , the ministry of foreign affairs and trade also confirmed japan s latest move , adding south korea would take reciprocal action for the japanese ."
treasures which are on display include one of the gold and precious stone inlaid coffinettes which contained tut s mummified internal organs .
"more than knut s actual weight , it was his physical appearance that persuaded the zoo s staff to make the change , zoo veterinarian andreas ochs said tuesday ."
the three man capsule s scheduled to return to earth tomorrow .
"in january , 18 people died when a train hurtling through the night at more than 120 kilometers per hour 75 mph slammed into a group of about 100 workers carrying out track maintenance near the city of anqiu in shandong province ."
al maliki has given the militants until april 8 surrender their arms to a guns for cash program that was scheduled to end at midnight friday .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the korea times reports the nation s household debts surged to an all time high of 458 trillion won in june , up from 450 . 4 trillion won in march as banks increased consumer lending again during the second quarter of the year ."
"the recall affects 38 , 000 toys in the us , 12 , 000 toys in the uk and the irish republic and 5 , 500 toys in canada ."
"early friday the court rejected requests made by the prosecution a day earlier for arrest warrants for lone star officials ellis short , lone star vice chairman michael thomson , general counsel paul yoo , lone star advisors korea president and steven lee , former head of the fund s korean unit ."
"the fine is the second largest criminal anti trust penalty in us history , and the largest for five years ."
"but benedict s spokesman , the rev . federico lombardi , later said benedict did not intend to formally excommunicate anyone a rare process under church law and on thursday the vatican released a slightly edited transcript that dropped the word yes in the pope s response ."
spokeswoman kristen foster said the 62 year old musician had not agreed to play any dates in the country .
"the list would include the united states , china , india and major european countries ."
"the democrats said they will challenge bush wherever he goes , whether they appear in the same city or say something from a far . a contingent plans to set up shop in new york for the gop convention at the end of this month , just as republicans got in their digs from boston during last week s democratic convention ."
"on her way to beg , banafsha stops off at a center run by an afghan nongovernmental organization called aschiana the name means nest in dari for a little education , a little recreation and a glimmer of hope ."
"a trial that began in february 2007 ended with convictions last october against 21 defendants , including about a dozen islamic extremists for their roles in the attacks and also some spaniards convicted of supplying explosives used in the bombings ."
"but the visit from the gop vice presidential candidate didn t bode well for blues goaltender , manny legace ."
justice minister chun jung bae thursday apologized to the public for recent sexual harassment cases at a prison here .
"philomena mccann , the sister of madeleine s father , told the british news network itn that police tried to get kate to confess to having accidentally killed madeleine by offering her a deal through her lawyer in which she would say she killed madeleine by accident and then disposed of the body ."
"for example , trainee surgeons could use it to practice operations via the internet ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"it has something lacking in most cleaners hundreds of tiny , sharp teeth to grind up its food ."
"cnn a man who rescued a co worker from the jaws of a crocodile in northern australia also accidentally shot him in the process , police said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the united states is taking formal legal action after months of urging china to crack down on pirated copies of u . s . films , music and software brought little consequence , the officials said ."
who s married to coldplay singer chris martin
experts say seoul hopes the two koreas will take the lead in forming a peace mechanism .
"more on that in a moment , but let s focus first on some good economic news"
"but , as an american studying abroad at moscow state university , i sometimes felt perplexed in this immense modern metropolis that still makes certain familiar conveniences inconvenient ."
"nepalis are slated to vote for the constituent assembly , thereby ending the 240 year old monarchy and preparing the ground"
"the coast guard says at least 9 people have died , 16 more rescued"
"throughout the day , they calmly greeted mourners ."
"in a january 14 17 cnn opinion research poll , clinton led obama 42 percent to 33 percent . that poll also had a margin of error of plus or minus 4 . 5 percentage points ."
"one of tv s favorite schoolgirls is starting to grapple with some growing pains , and so is her real life counterpart , 16 year old jamie lynn spears , sister of that other spears ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
adventures in a new world published by penguin press .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"but swimming in the fountain is prohibited and roberta , from milan , now risks a hefty fine for public indecency ."
it would also provide babies with important health care early in life .
"given the gravity of the economic situation the nation is facing , i could not in good conscience ask the president elect and his administration to delay for one day the important work that needs to be done ."
he said about a dozen climbers scaled everest on sunday following one of the busiest weeks in the mountain s climbing season .
"just watch my vocal cords , she said he told doctors before they inserted a breathing tube ."
"but the political turmoil exposed a deepening rift in turkey , whose population of 75 million people is mostly muslim , but endowed with a secular legacy designed to separate state and religion ."
there is greater coordination between those who protect the environment and those who cause it problems .
"senna s family accused almeida of pressuring senna to change his will , removing 11 brothers and sisters as potential beneficiaries ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"companies hiring prison labor also save on health insurance , retirement and other benefits ."
"shortly after the strike began , french prime minister francois fillon said the government is firm but would not be confrontational ."
"before the leg began , teams were also briefed on the pirate threat by graeme gibbon brooks of maritime intelligence service dryad maritime ."
"it centered in the molucca sea , some 160km 100 miles south east of the city of manado ."
"but because rev . wright was on the verge of retirement , and because of my strong links to the trinity faith community , where i married my wife and where my daughters were baptized , i did not think it appropriate to leave the church ."
"seale , 71 , was arrested in january and has pleaded not guilty to two counts of kidnapping and one count of conspiracy ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"footprints left by the upright walking , prehuman species australopithecus afarensis were found in 1977 in tanzania , imprinted in volcanic mud 3 . 6 million years old making them 10 times older than the new discovery ."
russian olympic committee spokesman gennady shvets told the associated press that russia was absolutely not considering canceling the torch relay .
"although it is free to play , when the contestants run out of virtual dollars they have to send cell phone text messages costing 3 each or use paypal to top up their accounts ."
"in the 23 other eu nations , abortion is permitted within much broader limits ."
"but with the addition of a hat , usually worn at a jaunty angle , she s become a local , national and even international star ."
"we expect that the council s sentiment recognize what it means to us when our national capital is attacked , he said ."
they also accused washington of heightening tensions on the korean peninsula by refusing to directly deal with north korea .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"after centuries of expansion , tokyo has grown vertically to accommodate its 12 million residents ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
it s a holdover of the cold war .
she s writing a book about black politics that includes material on barack obama but she says she hasn t even written that chapter yet .
obama continued to inch closer to the nomination as superdelegate endorsements trickled in tuesday afternoon .
"the four , who were eating dinner together at the time of the attack , were not believed to have been targeted , the source added ."
"police were called to owen wilson s home because of an attempted suicide report , according to a police log of weekend calls ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"on the strip , a couple holding two tall fruity drinks clutched each other to stay steady in the ice ."
"the korea herald reports the step , which results from the government s plan to reform higher education , will reduce the number of new enrollees this coming march to about 621 , 000 from about 637 , 000 this year ."
"worse , disney has extended health benefits to the live in partners of gay employees ."
"we re back to happy days again , said tony russell , senior equities adviser at abn amro morgans ."
"london , england cnn 8212 scotland yard and downing street both said wednesday they have launched investigations into how top secret british intelligence documents on al qaeda and iraq came to be left on a commuter train by a senior civil servant in the uk s cabinet office ."
"we don t want the american forces to take iraq as a field to attack iran or syria , the prime minister said ."
"or roughly the same journey to the south , where the picturesque city of prizren offers a glimpse of remarkably unspoiled and intact turkish baths and other ottoman empire architecture ."
he has millions of dollars riding on him in films under production .
"work crews later confirmed the bus was indeed buried , and hundreds of rescuers worked to excavate the vehicle ."
"vatican city , italy cnn a cadet in the vatican police force was found fatally shot in the head early monday inside the barracks , in what officials said was an apparent suicide over a breakup with a girlfriend ."
"the collection was viewed by tens of thousands at the lancaster museum of art in lancaster , pennsylvania ."
"casey also noted rice has addressed this four year old issue on many occasions , and the subject already has been exhaustively investigated ."
"recent polls have him ahead in wisconsin , but not by much ."
a total of 558 pilots have flown the f 117 since it went operational .
"on the state of the union premiere 10 p . m . edt sunday , ullman s cast of characters includes a weary illegal immigrant worker in manhattan , a tractor riding farmer s wife in north carolina , speaker of the house nancy pelosi , political pundit arianna huffington , former sopranos star tony sirico , soccer superstar david beckham and lindsay lohan s mom ."
the agency determined that no laws were violated in the hunt .
the exchange comes after the south complained earlier this week over north korean comments threatening to turn the country into ashes .
"some researchers believe that neanderthals were simply replaced by early modern humans , while others argue the two groups may have interbred ."
it was also the index s second straight month of gains following a 0 . 1 percent rise in october .
but the prosecution said that it has no influence on the indictment against the chairman .
and it s not just usb flash drives that can be used ipods and cheap portable hard drives work just as well as long as they can plug into a usb port .
korea to double african aid by . . .
that would make it nearly 11 . 50 a gallon 4 . 54 liters compared to the u . s . price of 3 . 93 .
that s the question bedeviling scientists in the three weeks since the phoenix lander began digging into mars north pole region to study whether the arctic could be habitable .
"with a range of 25 meters , the t5000 can screen people in public places , thus avoiding bottlenecks at border crossings or security checkpoints ."
the interior ministry said 32 protesters were detained .
"that s so cool , jeri mccarthy told her three daughters as bernas drew a red , blue and yellow picture on the screen ."
"according to exit polls , 92 percent cast their vote for the illinois senator , compared to 8 percent for clinton ."
supporters of thailand s now outlawed thai rak thai party have held protests in the capital bangkok but the rally was smaller than expected .
bomb disposal experts from the police cordoned off the site as they searched for traces of the explosive .
"at least 59 people were killed and more than 200 others injured early thursday after a fire broke out at an upscale bangkok nightclub where about 1 , 000 revelers were ringing in the new year , thai police said ."
"as the computer virus is expected to ramp up efforts tomorrow , april fool s day , experts say the conflicker worm is no joke ."
the senior lawmaker s move would make him the fourth council member to resign in the wake of last week s poor by election results that left the party licking its wounds .
"accounts of abuse by the military including kidnapping of women and girls for use in the brothels have been backed up by witnesses , victims and even former japanese soldiers ."
the bank said economic activity across the world was down .
he was granted bail in june and returned to work in july .
"everything that was done must be reversed and drawn back completely , he said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday he was leaving open the possibility he may skip the opening ceremonies because of the protests .
"at the same time , he initiated court action seeking to confirm cmdr bainimarama s government as illegal ."
"this is good news for computer manufacturers and retailers , but bad news for the green screen lobby ."
"of his 20 career titles , 16 are on clay and four on hard courts ."
survivor ruth bamggadan told cnn that the plane hit the ground and stopped suddenly . she said she saw flames outside her window .
"the accomplishment as part of a british climbing expedition even added luster to the coronation of britain s queen elizabeth ii four days later , and she knighted hillary as one of her first act ."
"the car flew through the air for 200 feet , he said , and struck an oak tree 15 feet off the ground , splitting the vehicle in two ."
"near where he lives in gujarat , one of the most prosperous states in india , thousands of rural villages lack electricity or struggle with an intermittent supply at best ."
two others were killed in the ambush .
alfred dubanowsky said he rented a ground floor apartment at josef fritzl s home from 1995 through 2007 .
"cheney , 37 , announced in december that she and her partner of 15 years , heather poe , were starting a family ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"sir , do you have some bread ?"
"but recent years have seen populations dwindle in many western rivers , and scientists are trying to understand why ."
"they need to know that the minute they hit that send button , they not only lose control over where these photos go next , in some cases they lose control over their own future ."
pakistan s civil and higher courts remained closed as part of an ongoing boycott by the country s lawyers in protest against chaudhry s suspension .
flying with the flu ?
"well , the cost of mailing your bills went up today ."
the ongoing fight against drugs and the drive to get more young people to take up sport .
some taiwanese hope lien can win beijing s trust . but taiwan s president chen shui bian and his ruling democratic progressive party which favors independence from china says beijing is using the visit to try to split public opinion .
authorities were concerned that the lake could burst its banks or that another aftershock or earthquake could rupture the earthen dam and cause a sudden flood of water on the communities downstream .
"victories on tuesday by obama , especially in the big states of texas and ohio , would give the illinois senator a major boost toward the democratic nomination in the november election ."
"the problem with the state manufacturing the plate is that it sends a message that florida is essentially a christian state and , second , gives the appearance that the state is endorsing a particular religious preference , said howard simon , executive director of the american civil liberties union of florida ."
mccartney is divorcing heather mills mccartney .
"whitmer said there s no precise way to translate belly measurements into waist circumference . but most people have a sense of whether they have a big belly , she said . and if they do , the new study suggests they should get rid of it , she said ."
"developers carmat , funded by the european space and defense group eads , presented the device at a press conference in paris on monday ."
yousuf earlier had said insurgents would start killing the hostages if south korea did not agree to withdraw its 200 military engineers and medics by 1430 gmt on sunday and the afghan government did not free taliban prisoners .
"stocks nosedived wednesday amid ongoing investor worries about the economy and the future of the auto industry , with the dow jones industrial average closing below 8 , 000 for the first time since march 2003 ."
bolt timed 19 . 91 and spearmon 20 . 05 .
"she also wants you to learn something along the way , such as the fact that snails are hermaphrodites ."
"the landslide tore a 50 yard gash on a mountainside tuesday and raised concern that the massive reservoir of the three gorges dam , 120 miles 200 km away , was wreaking ecological havoc in the region , according to the associated press ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
operations at the san diego international airport are normal and airlines are maintaining their flight schedules .
"columbia , south carolina cnn bmw says it will cut 7 . 5 percent of its work force in germany over two years while increasing production in the u . s . by more than 50 percent by 2012 ."
it was the first time the government has set dates for stages of its so called road map to democracy .
the height of irresponsibility
"john travolta and kelly preston have returned to ocala , florida , with the remains of their teenage son , a family friend told cnn on tuesday ."
"and we can t somehow remove our sanctions as a political gesture when this regime is engaging in dangerous activities such as weapons exports to rogue states , narcotics trafficking as a state activity and counterfeiting of our money on a large scale , he said ."
a pup born at a nebraska zoo came from an egg that developed in a female shark without sperm from a male .
"political tsunami , read the headline of malaysia s the star newspaper ."
"we re always saddened when we see animals kept in this kind of state , ferris said . it could have been prevented ."
"you simply use computers wherever you find them , either by keeping all your data online or on a usb flash drive that holds all your files , applications and settings ."
five north korean soldiers crossed the inter korean border on saturday then retreated northward after some 60 warning shots were fired by south korean soldiers .
"we will make an effort to hold speedy negotiations in the hope we may conclude by the end of 2008 , but certainly there is no commitment for a firm timetable for their completion , olmert said at the start of sunday s israeli cabinet meeting ."
"strasbourg , france cnn sudanese lawyer salih mahmoud osman received the european union s top human rights award on thursday for his work in the war torn region of darfur in western sudan , the european parliament said ."
"kalkan , who represents the pro kurdish democratic society party , added that he decided to take action after someone suggested that the cash strapped community needed more funds ."
"rushdie shot to fame in 1981 when his second novel , midnight s children , a magic realist exploration of indian history , won the booker prize ."
"it is logically possible for the united states to consider such a measure , he said on condition of anonymity ."
"archaeologists have found more than 600 relics from a huge battle between a roman army and barbarians in the third century , long after historians believed rome had given up control of northern germany ."
as the trial resumes in a lawsuit filed against the 44 year old entertainer his erratic behavior has once again eclipsed his musical talent .
more likely you can run any other kind of coding scheme on top of clipper .
a jeep containing gas cylinders was driven into glasgow airport a day after two car bombs were found in london .
"famous names such as dita von teese and michael sheen , have acted in movies shown at rushes"
living in a cage in hong kong
"as land costs account for up to 70 percent of new apartment prices , having people pay just the construction costs would help cut home prices , although the feasibility of the policy remains to be determined ."
national police agency announced that female police officers will investigate victims of sexual violence .
"if he can resume normal training in june , it s highly possible for him to participate in the world championships in august ."
"critical services such as health care , state police patrols and prisons would still be maintained ."
fiat said in a statement friday that casting gere for the ad had not been a political choice and was not driven by the desire to interfere with the internal political system of any country .
"the power cut forced already beleaguered gazans to stock up on food and batteries in anticipation of dark , cold days ahead ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the talks broke down after a few days , tsvangirai told the bbc ."
"after the meeting between olmert and livni , an israeli government official told cnn that olmert told a meeting of the kadima party he is in an uncomfortable position but he is not shirking from responsibility and will be the one to fix the mistakes ."
"the clashes between fighters loyal to warlord laurent nkunda and government soldiers took place in virunga national park , where some of the world s last remaining mountain gorillas live on the slopes of a volcanic mountain range that straddles congo s border with rwanda and uganda , the international conservation group wildlifedirect said ."
"and unlike ads in newspapers or on television and radio , the sources of internet attack ads like the clinton youtube spot can remain anonymous ."
"and technical colleges were also set up as a substitute for the craft apprenticeship , in order to foster the new skills that machinery demanded ."
"a big explosion erupted at the scene following the attack indicating the presence of bombs and explosives in the gunmen s bags , the statement said . as a result of this big explosion , extensive damage was caused to a house that was near the gunmen and uninvolved civilians were hit ."
"darren fletcher was shown a yellow card for a foul on malouda , ruling him out of the ukraine game in october ."
the joong ang ilbo reports the grand national party broke an agreement and voted against a revision of tax law friday .
he said the armistice has successfully prevented unwanted combat and maintained peace between the two koreas .
investigators are struggling to understand the killing rampage that left two rural alabama communities in shock
the korea times reports the state prosecution has demanded a 15 year prison term for korean german scholar song du yul on charges of spying for north korea .
"in 2004 , the u . s . food and drug administration and the environmental protection agency issued a joint advisory recommending that pregnant women and nursing mothers eat no more than 12 ounces of fish and shellfish a week to prevent developmental problems in their babies or young children caused by toxins in the seafood ."
"a statement e mailed to the associated press from madonna spokeswoman liz rosenberg says the couple has agreed to divorce , and asks the media to respect their privacy ."
they now believe that the suspect was using a false identity because a passport in that name was stolen in israel a few years ago .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"picking on italians staple to draw attention to their cause , consumer groups called the one day pasta strike thursday , not against eating it , but against buying it ."
"un and red cross personnel met in geneva to arrange the relief operation , as the indonesian president called for a more coordinated effort ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
two doctors were with the icrc team that picked up the four from san jose del guaviare .
it s also urging residents to stay home all because of swine flu .
"cho shot and killed herbstritt , police said , along with at least 29 others before taking his own life ."
he will likely be sent to korea in november .
flying with the flu ?
"kabul , afghanistan reuters the taliban kidnappers of 23 korean hostages on sunday extended the deadline for the south korean government to agree to withdraw its troops from afghanistan by 24 hours ."
"alabama gov . bob riley declared a state of emergency for the area and on thursday ordered the national guard to send a contingent of 140 troops , including medics and roving security patrols , from mobile to enterprise ."
"it s done phenomenal business , said demeter , 29 , who lives in the california s san francisco bay area . i m very honored that so many people would enjoy my game . i get e mails from 50 year old ladies who say , i don t play games , but i love trism ."
california wildfire expands
"about 250 , 000 people in the united states each year are given pacemakers ."
"rural india is deeply superstitious and the little girl is being hailed as a return of the hindu goddess of valor , durga , a fiery deity traditionally depicted with three eyes and many arms ."
the knowledgeable western official said al libi was not far below the importance of the top two al qaeda leaders osama bin laden and ayman al zawahiri .
six young people have died after a part time police officer opened fire at a house in the midwestern us state of wisconsin early on sunday .
"while most students could find him in his office , working past midnight , unraveling the puzzles of how water travels around the globe , he understood that the mind needed rest ."
there are two types of corporate bankruptcy under u . s . law .
prime minister gedi has survived two previous assassination attempts using bombs in recent years .
"at the pentagon , spokesman bryan whitman reiterated wednesday that the missiles are not aimed at russia and are designed as a defensive shield for u . s . allies in europe ."
"the number of international visitors topped the 1 million mark on monday , 22 days faster than last year , state controlled news media reported ."
"they will take members of a community , and hold them , trying to get the community to act in ways they want with the threat of killing these hostages , garver said ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
he said the u . n . and other international groups had dispatched teams to help the survivors .
"the release followed intervention by the us navy , which has helped five ships in the area in the past week , all of which had been boarded by pirates ."
new york therapist kenneth rouge tells the associated press the financial meltdown has some marriages on the rocks .
villarreal are now breathing down their necks after a 4 3 comeback win over deportivo la coruna .
an iraqi interior ministry official said the device was planted on the bus heading to the imam musa al kadhim shrine in baghdad s kadhimiya district .
"cnn sixty six passengers and crew were transferred to shore on coast guard vessels after their cruise ship was run aground off virginia on thursday , u . s . coast guard officials and the cruise ship company told cnn ."
"since the march 4 contests , the trend is greater than 3 to 1 ."
i work for the american people .
"head judge lance goodwin said , so long on abc"
"park sang cheon , one of the heads of the moderate unified democratic party , tried to stop the exodus ."
"while some have praised the adverts for bringing the issue of anorexia out into the open , others believe it could act as a trigger in some people already suffering from the disease ."
flying with the flu ?
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"you kind of always want to ask , why , why , why now ?"
"it means the financial crisis is not only weakening the economies of the united states and the european union , but also weighing on china s economy ."
"we are trying to find out why the wheel broke , he told the associated press ."
"the ministry of national defense plans to submit a final report on the termination of the 1 , 200 strong zaytun division stationed in the northern iraqi city of irbil for humanitarian and reconstruction works to the assembly this month"
"in a statement , fila president raphael martinetti said the swedes showed a serious lack of olympic spirit ."
police said they believed a suicide bomber was involved .
the university statement said the other two in the video are now former students danie grobler and johnny roberts .
"the first talks , from 7 to 11 may , will take place in seoul ."
one of the largest ever found was reported stolen in september from a secured vault in south el monte in los angeles county .
"world number one justine henin brushed aside czech teenager nicole vaidisova to reach the semifinals of the eastbourne international grasscourt tournament on thursday . henin , the defending champion at the wimbledon warm up event , won 6 2 6 2 in 55 minutes ."
"it will be two months out , ferguson told reporters on monday ."
"as he fell injured the audience started to applaud , oblivious to the fact that hoevels was really hurt , britain s telegraph newspaper reported ."
"a legendary workhorse of the transit system until the model was put out to pasture in 1977 , the r 1 is temporarily back in action as part of new york city transit s holiday nostalgia train on sundays in december ."
"of the seven legislative seats in local governments at stake , the conservative gnp secured five while the mdp took one ."
"by studying how galaxies move , they can calculate how much mass is needed to produce the motions ."
"making public what was termed an unofficial visit , chinese media said that north korean strongman kim jong il ended three days of meetings with china s top leaders yesterday and had agreed to continue jointly pushing forward with the six party talks process ."
they seized financial documents to investigate the sale of the bank to the u . s . based investment fund lone star in 2003 .
"the big difference was in third place , where huckabee whose upset win in iowa came after being outspent by millions of dollars by romney passed former new york mayor rudy giuliani s ."
"the quake was felt in peru and bolivia , according to the u . s . geological survey ."
i congratulate him on a great tournament and wish him luck for the french .
"the region was once divided into various rebel fiefdoms , but united with the rest of the country after a 2002 power sharing deal ended the country s 1998 2002 war ."
"she was 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighed just 88 pounds , for a bmi of 13 . 4 ."
the nobel peace prize laureate has spent more than 11 of the past 17 years in detention .
opposition parties say they have raised enough candidates to contest more than half the seats up for grabs in the may 6 th vote .
the united new democratic party undp hailed the decision and urged lee to reveal the truth .
his vision also includes a transcontinental natural gas pipeline and trade alliances .
canadian prime minister stephen harper said monday that the country s foreign minister has resigned for leaving classified documents in a nonsecure location .
"we don t have to be branded by the culture , we are branded by god , he said ."
there is also a 5 million second place prize and 5 million in bonus money to teams that go beyond the minimum requirements .
"the 14 year old juvenile moved in with galindo and when payments were not received , the father , martinez , called greenfield pd to bring back the daughter , according to a written police statement ."
"the top u . s . delegate to the financial talks , deputy assistant treasury secretary daniel glaser , said the two days of meetings had validated u . s . suspicions of illegal financial activity by north korea ."
"south korea blames dozens of deaths every year on the storms , mostly of elderly people and those with respiratory problems ."
"the fbi said he claimed to have offers from publishers and tabloids ranging from 500 , 000 to 3 million ."
"britain s tabloid sun newspaper thursday proclaimed from its front page that a wind turbine was ruined after a ufo hit one of its 20 meter long blades in conisholme , lincolnshire ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"stockhausen was born in the village of moedrath near cologne in western germany on august 22 , 1928 ."
"rich in natural beauty , whidbey island is also home to picturesque towns and romantic b bs ."
"the ak party will also propose the president is in future elected by voters and not by lawmakers , a party deputy said ."
"in southern gaza , palestinian security sources said 30 israeli tanks and bulldozers entered the territory early tuesday morning and were conducting house to house searches after shutting down the main road between rafah and khan yunis ."
more than 1 . 5 million people have been evacuated from their homes in south east china as the strongest typhoon in decades swept ashore .
he then went on a shooting spree .
"the web site of the school s crew team warned members to take precautions unpacking from the trip , adding , it s advisable to open bags and unpack outdoors ."
"they didn t know how many bees remained unaccounted for , but they were getting no calls from panicked motorists ."
oscar winning film composer maurice jarre has died at the age of 84 .
"new york afp half a century after its publication , john steinbeck s east of eden topped the new york times bestseller list this week , leaving publishers bowing in gratitude to talk show queen oprah winfrey ."
"but it was hard to stay hopeful lost in rugged terrain , in heavy snow , with no food and few warm clothes ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
but most of the future profits of the sports shoe business will be won in asia .
"however , they believe the romans ultimately prevailed ."
"the merged company says there s no increased monthly cost , and no need to buy a new receiver ."
marine and an iraqi soldier were killed before a tank silenced fighters holed up in the shattered city .
"kim mi hyun , 26 , finished up in 57th place at 13 over ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"well , that should ve told you he was on the juice ."
"so they didn t go really to take the children as hostage . it was incidental that they entered the school to hide themselves but in the process then to hide , they took those students hostage ."
"sen . hillary rodham clinton , seeking the democratic party presidential nomination , also attended the ceremonies ."
"he said the dolphin s demise which resulted from overfishing , pollution and lack of intervention might serve as a cautionary tale and should spur governments and scientists to act to save other species verging on extinction ."
"the supreme public prosecutors office said monday that it decided to accept a proposal by the committee on the improvement of the investigation system and practices for human rights , and to establish new guidelines and implement them within the year ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
a wonderful combination for any movie . wall e is easily the best film of the year so far .
"in a statement released monday afternoon , obama and his sister said that dunham was the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility ."
she calmly replaced it and put the bottle back on display .
"the dow jones industrial average lost 514 points , or 5 . 7 percent , closing at 8 , 519 , after having fallen as much as 698 points during the session ."
"just across the border in saudi arabia , women face employment and social restrictions and aren t even allowed to drive ."
"in may , the kingdom increased its production by 300 , 000 ."
"the korea times reports kang s dismissal was met with disbelief , although the presidential office indicated it accepted her wish to step down because she has been complaining of fatigue ."
a site normally used by the group to get its message out has been down since just before the 9 11 anniversary .
"the 30 billion video game industry , forecast an operating profit of 440 billion yen 3 . 7 billion for the year to march 2008 , exceeding a consensus of 377 . 8 billion yen in a poll of 20 analysts by reuters estimates ."
a list of pro japanese collaborators released .
moore was ready for the piracy questions .
"a four day closing of the state s main north south route for 20 miles around chehalis , washington ."
"only a foolish optimist can deny the dark realities of the moment , roosevelt said in his inaugural address ."
some protesters were carrying the wounded off the streets and to a waiting ambulance .
"on new year s eve , tokyoites head to their neighborhood temples to hear the temple bells chime at midnight ."
"however , there are about 35 students for every multimedia computer ."
the court will make a decision tomorrow on the arrest request .
"the 150 , 000 ton tanker takayama was attacked about 440 kilometers 270 miles off the yemen coast in the gulf of aden while it was heading for saudi arabia , its japanese operator , nippon yusen k . k . , said in a statement posted on its web site ."
gaza health officials say the death toll is now up to 537 since israel began its military campaign against hamas .
"cnn aims to find out by opening an i report hub in second life , a three dimensional virtual world created entirely by its residents ."
"in brazil , 373 young magellanic penguins were rescued , rehabilitated and released last weekend after their search for food left them stranded , hundreds of miles from their usual feeding grounds ."
"the sophistication of the attack , in which english speaking guerrillas in american style uniforms drove sport utility vehicles past checkpoints to attack a government compound , was beyond what insurgents in iraq have shown they are capable of , u . s . officials said ."
a senior government official on monday rejected a call from pakistan opposition leader benazir bhutto for u . s . and british experts to help investigate the suicide attack on her homecoming procession from overseas exile .
"world leaders rushed to congratulate president elect barack obama as incumbent george w . bush called his win a testament to hard work , optimism and faith in the enduring promise of our nation ."
caretaker prime minister mohammadmian soomro said in a statement that those who committed this cowardly act were neither believer of any religion nor of any human ethics .
let s check with correspondent julie walker .
"county fire authority spokeswoman angela bargillo says , 10 homes and 500 apartments have been damaged or destroyed in anaheim ."
"so far , the billy graham evangelistic association says it has received tens of thousands of birthday greetings ."
"during the interview , stone drew parallels between bush and alaska gov . sarah palin , now sen . john mccain s republican running mate ."
"with the election less than a month away , polls show over half of voters support the gnp while its candidate lee myung bak , a former seoul mayor and ex ceo of hyundai engineering and construction co . , has around 40 percent support ."
"his early victory keyed a big night for cbs , which won nine trophies to go with its seven creative arts awards thursday , giving the network a leading 16 wins ."
"they give mccain a solid lead over clinton , according to the new york times cbs news poll ."
fifth ranked novak djokovic of serbia has been moved up to fourth seed due to his recent fine performances .
the six began working at the hospital in the city of benghazi in 1998 and were arrested the next year after more ththe prosecution insists that the six infected the children intentionally in experiments to find a cure for aids .
"what they re doing to me is cowardice , she told rio s o globo newspaper after her arrest ."
"the value of the zimbabwean dollar suffered its worst crash in memory , dealers said thursday , sparking a run on dollars and forcing stores to close early to put new prices on their meager stock ."
"the miss congeniality star told a court in the orange county city of westminster that the woman , identified as marcia diana valentine , had left the fronds , complete with weird signs , and pieces of animal fur in her yard on five occasions ."
"cornet wales , as he is officially known , has long said he enrolled at britain s sandhurst military officers academy with the intention of serving on the front line ."
the formal declaration was seen as a slap in the face of asian nations already outraged over abe s remarks .
both democratic leaders said they would discuss a compromise .
the jurors began deliberations yesterday morning and returned their decision about five hours later .
"it is just amazing how this fire selects whatever it wants and burns whatever it wants , he told cnn ."
brazilian model ana carolina reston died in november at age 21 .
"bank officials and the paris prosecutor have previously said they believe kerviel acted alone , though prosecutors have interviewed others , including mid level managers , as part of their probe ."
the united states accuses iran of fomenting terror attacks worldwide and pursuing a nuclear program that could lead to the development of weaponry .
"london , england cnn a goalkeeping blunder by paul robinson to gift kevin kuranyi an equalizer and a wonder strike by christian pander secured germany a 2 1 win over england in a friendly international at wembley on wednesday ."
"while approved for use against malaria , a life threatening illness , quinine was never approved for its other common usage treatment of leg cramps . the drug has been linked to 665 reports of adverse events , including 93 deaths , according to the fda ."
carter is the latest in a series of prominent democrats to say that nullifying the popular vote would be a flawed approach .
"andrew mwangura , head of the kenya based east africa seafarers assistance program said monday that the hostage takers have demanded 1 million ransom and threatened to kill all 22 crew if their demands were not met ."
sell is the word of the day .
"the protest was organized by the 6 . 6 national convention , an alliance of right wing veterans , radical religious groups and conservative civic associations , to mark the 52nd memorial day ."
"aides drove through the capital city of yerevan playing the appeal over loudspeakers and by sunday , few demonstrators remained on the streets ."
"speaking of michigan , united auto workers president ron gettelfinger says he s glad to see fiat of italy lined up to partner with chrysler , which is in the middle of its first federal bankruptcy court hearing in new york this morning"
"prosecutors indicted chung in may , accusing him of illegally raising a slush fund of 103 . 4 billion won 110 million euro85 million via affiliates which authorities say was used to pay lobbyists and for other purposes ."
"prosecutors in a revived civil rights era case are trying to persuade a federal judge to allow a television interview that gilbert , who died in 2004 , gave in 2000 to be used as evidence in the trial of reputed klansman james ford seale ."
"she says the garden s centerpiece , a symbolic low stone sculpture that s broken , is fitting for those whose lives were shattered by priests ."
"famed for keeping people slim , healthy and living longer , the mediterranean diet has followers all over the world ."
but according to reuters news agency he appeared to be shunned by delegates .
"26 , 000 51 , 410 , but this was considered a bargain ."
"he was being interviewed , said state police spokesman peter olson ."
"wolfowitz was appointed to the world bank post in 2005 after serving as deputy u . s . defense secretary , where he was one of the leading architects of the 2003 invasion of iraq ."
"wu dawei , the top chinese delegate , said that the denuclearization talks will resume in beijing on the week of august 29th . the specific reconvening date will be decided through further consultations , he said at an outdoor news conference in the diaoyutai state guesthouse ."
a tuesday post on the group s web site said bent was arrested tuesday morning .
"budget travel i was sitting on a croatian beach a few years ago , staring in amazement at the glorious adriatic sea , when my traveling companion said , if you think this is beautiful , you should see montenegro someday ."
"pakistan had the bomb but no missiles to deliver it , and north korea is the world s most active missile proliferator , especially to customers who can t shop elsewhere ."
"references to risky behaviors included both words and photos , the authors said ."
this was a man made failure . this should not have happened .
auto sales have been hit hard by tight credit and the struggling economy .
"she was able to afford the rent only after a friend paid the pound 600 1 , 189 that she needed , the newspaper quoted her as telling a student reporter at edinburgh university ."
"south and north korea have held 19 high level meetings since 2000 , but they have been suspended for seven months amid chilled relations following north korea s missile launches in july and nuclear test in october ."
"the release said the planes were in the area between 6 p . m . and 8 p . m . , about the time many people reported seeing the lights , according to reporting at the time ."
"the statement did not say what constituted a serious situation , although china has long threatened to take military action against taiwan if it declares formal independence or indefinitely delays unifying with china ."
they engaged in scuffles with some ruling lawmakers and traded barbs with the assembly speaker .
"in other matches , holders sevilla were held to a 1 1 draw at third division denia , while athletic bilbao avoided an upset by recovering from 2 0 behind to draw 2 2 at second division hercules ."
"if someone told you to press a button to deliver a 450 volt electrical shock to an innocent person in the next room , would you do it ?"
"in a party forum wednesday morning , a group of 46 lawmakers agreed to put forth a bill late this month aiming to annul what they claim is a draconian law ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"china has very close ties with africa and we will obviously talk about what we can do now to combat the appalling human rights violations in sudan s darfur region , merkel said in a statement at the weekend ."
"it was looted by the nazis from a castle in st . petersburg , russia , after adolf hitler s forces invaded the soviet union in 1941 ."
he also suggested that the dispute could see an end .
who will become the first educators to fly to space and then return to the classroom .
he is quoted discussing ways to provoke saddam hussein into a confrontation .
"the inquest is examining the deaths of diana and her companion dodi fayed in paris , where the couple had been pursued by paparazzi ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the navy says rescuers are still searching for the other 2 crew members .
the teenagers check out just fine .
"austrian maier turned back the years to clock a time of one minute 29 . 84 seconds , winning by a comfortable margin from john kucera of canada ."
"on saturday , the united states removed north korea from the list of terrorism sponsors after it said the two countries reached agreement on a number of verification measures ."
phosphatidylserine is a lipid found naturally in the body .
cross party fire this morning over the president s almost state of the union address .
"what appears to have happened is that he the pilot didn t manage to land and he tried to take off again , said capt . marcos , a fire department spokesman who would identify himself only by rank and first name in accordance with department guidelines ."
south korea foreign minister song min soon said his country already planned to withdraw its troops from afghanistan by the end of this year .
"boisclair , 41 , was elected leader in late 2005 with the party well ahead in the polls ."
korea and china reached a tentative agreement on koguryo issue .
"the improvised work features distorted electric guitars , discordant sound effects , a church organ and gargling interspersed with mccartney and john lennon shouting random phrases like barcelona and are you all right ?"
north korean officials raised no particular objection to the idea .
"he also had two psychiatric hospitalizations , and has been diagnosed with attention deficit disorder , mood disorder , oppositional defiant disorder , and parent child relationship problems , landry said ."
"bollywood star priyanka chopra started what was billed as the world s largest ever fireworks display , with more than 100 , 000 pyrotechnic devices ."
"if you have a fever , headache and runny nose , you might go to google and type the words flu symptoms to see whether you ve come down with influenza ."
"the heat did not have an immediate comment , and shaquille o neal did not respond to a request for comment made through the team ."
"the cbo report only confirms what we already know the president has continually tried to hide the true costs of this war , both in terms of money spent and lives affected , meehan said ."
many people decided to spend election day as their avatars and they weren t alone .
"with the current economic situation , i think toys and gadgets which are too complicated , either as a concept , or to operate , will not fly , says lawrence cheung , principal consultant of the hong kong productivity council ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
.
"iraq and saudi arabia play for the championship in jakarta , indonesia , on sunday ."
abdul mahdi will be part of a new interim government that formally takes over iraq s sovereignty from the united states june 30th .
"singapore authorities caused an uproar in 1994 by searching 80 , 000 files on a business network ."
"but by afternoon trading , even jittery investors in japan were beginning to feel the market had overcompensated , says tomochika kitaoka , equity strategist at mizuho securities co . in tokyo ."
"she s also expected to visit washington , d . c . , and attend a state dinner with president bush before leaving on tuesday ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
findings from an inquiry by the house senate joint intelligence committee money from the saudi arabian government could have made its way to the two hijackers president bush signed into law legislation creating a cabinet level department of homeland security a move that sets into motion the largest reorganization of the federal government in about half a century .
"the clerics said the hug was an illegitimate and forbidden act and without any doubt , she has committed a great sin ."
"psychologists have long known that people find it easier to mislead and dissemble in written communication , without the telltale visual clues which help others know when someone is lying ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
but it says the remark now can be written off as the bragging of a young man wrestling with unexpected success .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"in the background of the violence , tens of thousands of shiites were walking on their annual pilgrimage to the kadhimiya shrine in northwest baghdad iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki traveled to neighboring iran"
"clinton and obama were running a tight race for the democratic nomination , while on the republican side , presumptive nominee sen . john mccain was hoping voters could help him finally knock his last major rival out of the race ."
"at least 67 people have died in bombings and shootings since the red mosque siege began on july 3 , ap said ."
"but a document on a trial run , submitted to representative cho gyeong tae of the governing uri party by the korean national railroad , exposed major problems in the train s core components , and in parts that affect its ability to accelerate and decelerate ."
"when used as directed , and most parents are using them appropriately , she said ."
"the first wave of 800 refugees , which left damascus on tuesday , is expected to arrive in baghdad on wednesday , iraqi government spokesman ali al dabbagh said ."
"this is a grave situation for all , federline s attorney , mark vincent kaplan , said outside the courthouse ."
suspected in the deaths is slim 10 and other herbal products manufactured by the guangdong based yuzhitang health products company .
"1 , up 2 . 4 percent from 46 . 14 million at the end of 2000 , the national statistical office nso said in a preliminary report on the population census conducted between nov ."
president bush has authorized federal aid by declaring a state of emergency in new hampshire and massachusetts .
now we re just waiting for the date and venue to be made official .
"studios argue that it is too early to know how much money they can make from offering entertainment on the internet and on cell phones , ipods and other devices ."
"new delhi cnn a tibetan woman said wednesday that she pulled out of a beauty pageant in malaysia after organizers , reacting to pressure from beijing , told her halfway through the event that she could only participate if she added china to her miss tibet title ."
paper mail offers many advantages over e mail in a domestic setting .
"carter black and chris larrison another school of social work associate professor who knew kazmierczak described the gunman as pleasant , considerate and flexible ."
"the blast occurred just hours after a grenade detonated inside sri lanka s central zoo sunday morning , wounding at least six people ."
"so far we ve been assured the disruptions should be manageable but it remains to be seen , jessica chambers , a spokeswoman for the england rugby supporters club ."
it s closer to architecture .
"davis was sanctioned for failing to take appropriate action when informed of the incident , and sokoloski was censured for his unsatisfactory performance of duty ."
"in its petition , the company asked that the union and 21 union officials pay 50 million won 53 , and 300 , 000 won each , respectively , for every day of the strike in compensation for damages caused to the company ."
the killing has ignited a debate in canada about the conflict between first and second generation immigrants who struggle to maintain traditional muslim values and their children s desire to fit into western culture .
the agency predicted that this year s exports would top 320 billion .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"between nicolas and me , it wasn t quick , it was immediate , l express quoted her as saying ."
both the us and japan have acted with anger and dismay to the news .
it was a very special christmas eve 40 years ago today
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"state department spokesman sean mccormack told a news conference the united states would work on many , many different fronts to keep myanmar on the international agenda . it requires everybody s effort and it requires concerted pressure from all parties involved , he said ."
"in the summer , moscow asked for a delay in talks among south korea , north korea and russia on extending the railway ."
"five children walking to friday prayers in somalia s capital were killed when one of them picked up a land mine and threw it against a wall , witnesses said ."
at least 20 of the coal mine s local managers as well as a british citizen who was inspecting the monitoring system are believed to be among the dead .
and one day you wake up and you are that person .
"will it be a happy one in which he vanquishes the evil lord voldemort aka you know who and finishes his years at hogwarts in the embrace of his best friends , ron weasley and hermione granger ?"
"the jury was discharged after reaching deadlock during the initial hearings , which ended on tuesday ."
cheney was an aide to her father during the 2004 campaign and now is vice president for consumer advocacy at aol .
"their back muscles are used to compensate , but that probably means more back pain , theorized shapiro , who added it would be a fun study to do to look at men with beer bellies to see if they shift their loads ."
"while big business is global , and labor is national , we re going to be at a disadvantage ."
but chinese gymnastics coaches have stridently defended their team .
ntv said police had a suspect in the case who burned di marineo s id papers and had inserted his own sim card into di marineo s mobile phone .
"the deadline for people to submit ideas for the initiative , called project 10 100 , was monday ."
chrysler and ford saw their dealer ranks fall by about 300 from late 2007 .
there was nothing more they could do .
"the united states has regained its seat on the 53 member united nations commission on human rights , since the commission was established in 1947 ."
"according to the newspaper , diskin told the meeting that the militants were planning to intercept olmert s convoy as it approached the entrance to jericho ."
live to the newsroom and the ap s rita foley
the doug fir is the place to check out portland s quirky local music scene and see local bands like the dimes or southerly .
the convoys will travel nearly 500 miles .
"korea s joint chiefs of staff and other government agencies sent a five member fact finding team , including two forensic experts , to nepal to assist in investigating the accident and to bring back the body ."
"max kwak , the spokesman for the embassy , said yesterday that the white house has no plans to have a meeting with the opposition presidential candidate ."
"after washington s death , the medal was presented to lafayette by washington s family"
"bush had previously said he would veto any bill that he deemed an attempt to micromanage the war , and the white house freshened the threat a few hours before the vote and again afterward ."
"if the plate is approved , florida would become the first state to have a license plate featuring a religious symbol that s not part of a college logo ."
don t be surprised if you are asked to pay more than the menu price .
the standard poor s 500 is also down 12 points .
"in the economic model , two and a half acres were put to various uses ."
he returns to washington next wednesday .
get the turkey in early .
"by next fall , nasa plans to launch its biggest red planet rover yet , the 1 . 8 billion , suv size mars research laboratory ."
the countries of south east asia have rarely controlled their own destinies .
supporters gathered outside the grand national party headquarters in seoul broke into cheers as television stations started to report news of lee s victory .
flying with the flu ?
vice foreign minister lee tae sik is appointed as the new ambassador to the u . s .
"beijing , china cnn 8212 flooding has killed 55 people and forced more than a million to flee their homes across a stretch of southwestern china , including the earthquake ravaged sichuan province , state media reported sunday ."
"the plan is viewed as a way to raise farmers incomes , promote big farming and speed up urbanization ."
a half dozen pirates got a bit of a shock when security agents on an italian cruise ship returned fire as the pirates tried to board the ocean liner last night off the coast of somalia .
"asked specifically if he fears being physically attacked during next year s tour , he said , yeah . there re directors of french teams that have encouraged people to take to the streets . . . elbow to elbow ."
"a raid on a suspected gang of international jewel thieves has recovered an uncut ruby known as the prince of burma worth 3 . 2 million euros 4 . 1 million , austrian authorities said thursday ."
kinney said she chooses coffee bars and intersections because they are places where she can find a captive audience
"police said a teenage baby sitter was supposed to be watching the children , who were from two families but all related , while their parents were out for the night ."
"uzak , distant , a slow moving turkish film about a jobless man from the countryside who irritates his sophisticated city cousin by moving into his apartment , won the grand prize , or second place ."
"he said his group was moved 12 times , usually on motorbikes or on foot ."
the poll said that former seoul mayor lee continues to enjoy robust support .
"the academy of motion picture arts and sciences nominated kerr a six times for best actress , but never gave her an academy award until it presented an honorary oscar in 1994 for her distinguished career as an artist of impeccable grace and beauty , a dedicated actress whose motion picture career has always stood for perfection , discipline and elegance ."
"the meeting drew applause from three chambers of commerce representing america , japan and europe ."
"to win this award this year is so special as british sport has enjoyed such a hugely successful year . it s been incredible , said hoy"
the second source described the endorsement as more than expected and said the conversations were aimed at arranging a thursday announcement .
"however , chief u . s . negotiator christopher hill , who hand delivered bush s letter , said differences remain over what should go into that document , and it is unclear how full and complete it should actually be ."
the mythical 100 per barrel is of course within reach for today with or without the help of the weekly statistics .
"for 10 years , the maoists carried out an insurgency to replace the monarchy with a republic . the violence claimed 13 , 000 lives ."
nato s international security assistance force has acknowledged some civilians were killed in the southern battle but has said the death toll was nowhere near as high as afghan officials have claimed .
"zimbabwe s inflation already the highest in the world hit 7 , 634 . 8 percent in july , reminding zimbabweans there is no relief in sight from daily hardships including chronic food , fuel and foreign currency shortages ."
"ukraine s president and prime minister on sunday agreed to hold an early parliamentary election on september 30 , defusing a months long political crisis that had threatened to escalate into violence ."
"we have apprehended him and he is being questioned now , said y . b . khurania , the deputy inspector general of police in orissa on monday . we have not yet arrested him ."
some local news media reported that almeida had said her husband doubted whether he was renata s real father and planned dna testing to confirm his paternity .
the meeting in baghdad will be the first public and formal meeting between u . s . and iranian representatives since the united states cut off diplomatic relations 27 years ago .
"nearly 29 million households bought a fresh christmas tree in 2006 , according to the national christmas tree association ."
clinton is on her first visit to iraq since becoming secretary of state .
"in exchange , they said , north korea would be removed from the united states list of state sponsors of"
"the place clifford harrison and anne quatrano , who preach the alice waters gospel , opened 36 seat quinones 1198 howell mill rd . , westside"
"well , they re not saying that out loud , but clearly , they wouldn t , the u . s . wouldn t be marshaling the kind of top level talent it is sending here um , if there wasn t a worry , that would be the case , or that this would be a missed opportunity ."
officials hope to liquidate some of its assets to repay investors who were defrauded .
draft likely to be reduced
they can t get enough blood .
living in a cage in hong kong
hamas spokesman ghazi hamad told cnn that hamas was directly involved in negotiating johnston s release .
russia and iran signed an agreement on nuclear fuel supply deal .
recent events are a far cry from the euphoria which greeted keane on his arrival at the black cats in august 2006 with the club in the relegation zone in the second flight of english football .
"he was only taken to the hospital in caraurai , brazil , days later because of the long distances , carvalho said ."
an ipsos opinion poll released late on sunday suggested sarkozy would win 54 percent of votes in the second round and royal would secure 46 percent .
obama also took some heat in pennsylvania last month for referring to a factory worker as sweetie .
"chirac who made the comments during a monday interview with the new york times , the international herald tribune and le nouvel observateur , a weekly magazine called reporters back the next day to try to have his quotes retracted ."
"after all , it is your money as a taxpayer ."
flying with the flu ?
international brands have tried to capture the hearts of the youth who are more consumer driven and connected than preceding generations .
"president bush , starting a new relationship late in his presidency , welcomed british prime minister gordon brown on sunday with casual diplomacy ."
wolfe works mostly in the forests of cameroon tracking these viruses that can jump from animals to humans what are called zoonotic viruses .
"under the new plan , security officials at each station will mark roof riders with dye as trains depart . when the passengers disembark at their destination , officials can then easily identify them ."
a nato statement said dadullah had left his sanctuary in southern afghanistan where he was killed in a u . s . led coalition operation supported by nato .
"chances of a quick release seemed remote after leaders of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , rejected a request by france , switzerland and spain to treat and possibly rescue her ."
"authorities were conducting dna tests on tissue samples from a body believed to be shaker al abssi , the leader of fatah al islam , said a military source familiar with operations inside the nahr el bared camp near tripoli ."
simply put a man s evolutionary mission is to spread his seed .
"harwich police have had some fun , though ."
"the protests began soon after the feb . 19 presidential election , when ter petrosian lost to prime minister serzh sarkisian , the handpicked successor of the outgoing president ."
"al askari said the united states is still waiting for the findings of the american investigation , but al maliki and most iraqi officials are completely satisfied with the findings of their probe and are insisting that blackwater leave the country ."
"in his first public discussion of the event , the ac milan player 8212"
"animal lovers howled in protest when lyndon b . johnson picked up his beagles , him and her , by the ears to provide photographers a better view . on the other hand , richard nixon"
"the sales chief at chrysler says american car sales could ve dropped as much as 35 last month , to the lowest rate in a quarter century ."
"pakistan s ambassador to the united states , mahmud durrani , said on cnn s the situation room that the reports were not true ."
"the iraqi government has no authority over private security firms contracted by the u . s . government , according to a july report from the congressional research service ."
"he also left voicemail for his mother , warren said ."
"the purpose of the palestinian incursion apparently was to kidnap an israeli soldier , an israeli official said ."
japan holds ground on international issues .
"however the share price fell , as analysts commented that the good news was already priced in and noted news that the company said its heavily marketed premium light beer in the united states would not now break even in 2007 as it had earlier hoped ."
"the main opposition democratic party secured 60 , or slightly more than half the number of candidates it fielded ."
living in a cage in hong kong
no shortage of reading material on capitol hill today
"federal agents have determined spitzer used the prostitute ring eight times in recent months and had him under surveillance twice this year , sources familiar with the investigation said wednesday ."
"mr wolfowitz will not resign under this cloud , robert bennett told reuters news agency ."
"canada will start denying work permits to foreign strippers to prevent them from being abused and to clamp down on human trafficking , immigration minister diane finley said on wednesday ."
"he s very saddened that someone he was in touch with committed a violent , deadly act , farrell said ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"nearly 120 people survived wednesday s crash at yogyakarta s international airport , jumping through emergency exits flames and smoke filled the cabin ."
"the situation is much more alarming than people are willing to accept , says benjamin tsou , professor of linguistics and asian languages at city university of hong kong ."
president roh moo hyun ordered justice officials to revive the case against conservative frontrunner lee myung bak .
"earlier , the leaders of the anglican church called for international action to prevent violence in zimbabwe reaching horrific levels ."
"jim carrey has been making audiences laugh for years , but the star says he s really a a weird , serious person ."
he says lack of education is the main reason why people in developing countries do not use technology .
the six nation discussions reconvened on tuesday after a five week recess .
north korean media has not even once mentioned apec .
"the company delayed complying with the eu order for three years , the eu said , only making changes on oct . 22 to the patent licenses it charges companies that need data to help them make software that works with microsoft ."
he has won just three atp tour matches this year and his world ranking has fallen to 92 .
"in nakuru , 95 miles northwest of the capital , 60 people have been killed and hundreds more have been wounded by gang members wielding machetes and clubs since violence broke out thursday ."
"although still largely undiscovered , irvington revels in its new identity as a destination thanks in part to the tides inn ."
"the landing on the red planet s arctic plains which ended a 296 day journey was right on target , a feat nasa s ed weiler compared to landing a hole in one with a golf ball from 10 , 000 miles ."
"according to the biography on that site , kitt lived in connecticut near her daughter and four grandchildren ."
"winehouse , the british singer and songwriter who has been in the news in recent months more for her public misbehavior than her music , is up for six awards sunday night , including nominations in the big four general categories album of the year , song of the year , record of the year and best new artist ."
the group had gone to afghanistan after ignoring warnings by their government against travel to the country . the government was under intense pressure to bring them home safely and has faced criticism for negotiating with the captors .
"rocco , born to the couple in 2000"
but the nonpartisan congressional research service has concluded that the pentagon could wage war through july without additional funding .
"28 year old u . s . skier toby dawson , a korea born adoptee , was reunited with his biological father in seoul after 26 years of separation ."
"the gender gap has widened when it comes to hygiene , according to the latest stakeout by the hand washing police ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"mounting hunger and increasing evidence of severe malnutrition is evident and the capacities of humanitarian agencies to meet these needs is under severe strain , particularly as pledged funding remains undelivered , the u . n . chief executives board said in a communiqu eacute ."
"for instance , she kept one fictional character , schiffer diamond , under wraps for 20 years , never seeing a place where she fit in"
but the planet is not in peril .
"london , england cnn rock legends led zeppelin are to reform for the first time in 19 years for a one off concert in london , the band announced wednesday ."
they re also waiting for more information from their lawyers .
he said the pair will appeal the verdict .
flying with the flu ?
"specifically , the family had to make a decision on whether to leave their homeland or stay inside iraq for treatment ."
"coquillette , who has degrees in physics and english , said she gets three or four calls or e mails a day , asking about the conversion ."
"khalid , a pakistani national better known as ksm , has said he planned every aspect of the september 11 attacks ."
"growth through august appears to have outstripped the pace from the same period a year ago , according to the unwto ."
living in a cage in hong kong
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"neighbor sontaya perry , 22 , said she could hear the children inside the house screaming as the fire raged from the windows before dawn ."
france has the highest number of top restaurants with 12 entries in the top 50 list up from 10 last year .
a garden with lemon and fig trees an organic vegetarian caf eacute
stahnke said he had met his son at a bar and doesn t remember much afterward .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the other half is due to a reduction in the projected number of births , primarily as a result of lower expected fertility rates in the future ."
so i ve had a really hard time finding any money to pay rent with .
this unfortunate error breaks my heart .
"an israeli archaeologist has discovered what he says is the earliest known hebrew text , found on a shard of pottery that dates to the time of king david from the old testament , about 3 , 000 years ago ."
a state department official told cnn things are under control .
"i don t mind spending money here , hinkle said , lifting her two large lime green shopping bags with the oprah store written on the side ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the chung supporters promised to provide the data .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"this war is a serious situation , reid said saturday ."
is anybody out there ?
kim chee won was among them .
"according to reuters , video footage showed shoppers dashing for cover past a line of burning cars on a narrow street leading to the government office ."
camel expert chris hill agreed with gregory .
"the netherlands , whose only major title came at the european championship in 1988 , are in what is widely regarded as the toughest group at the june 7 29 tournament in austria and switzerland ."
"tan bin , 56 , a resident in the shuimo township of wenchuan , said they had walked more than 30 miles 50 kilometers from wenchuan ."
clinton is also hoping for a win in pennsylvania in april .
that s terrific news .
imagine trying to fend off a wild beast with a stick by yourself
"detroit , michigan cnn kim fenske drives a bus in colorado by day , but when he s not working , he zooms around the mountains in a 2007 toyota prius ."
both players will be written to to remind them of their responsibilities .
"the violence occurring within the country has a decided impact on iraq s neighbors , she said ."
the torrential rains that poured onto the bone dry peaks flowed into canyons and dry riverbeds that channeled the raging water directly into the city .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
as a trained arborist i have had the privilege of being up in the tree canopy experiencing trees at height and birds and other wildlife from a completely different perspective . it s fantastic that we are able to give visitors the same experience .
"two black sedans , a gray van and a bus arrived at the samsung headquarters building in downtown seoul shortly before 9 a . m ."
"for men , only those who were heavy drinkers had a smaller brain volume than those who consumed little or no alcohol ."
"the previous record was a mere 16 . 5 million for a 100 carat diamond in 1995 , christie s said ."
his participation has been in doubt after the 37 year old was told he had to respect the uci s biological passport rule demanding that athletes must be registered with an anti doping program six months prior to competing .
"pakistani president pervez musharraf made the offer , saying it would also boost reconstruction efforts ."
"carol rothermel , a nurse , thought the operation on her sister joan reigh would be routine ."
"if everyone had a high sensitivity to loneliness , no one would go out and explore ."
"for henriksen , cutting her hair was always in the cards . but she had planned to give it to a nonprofit organization that provides hairpieces for children who lost their hair after cancer treatments ."
"xinhua quoted zhang dekuan , deputy secretary general of shandong s government , saying that 756 miners were underground when the flooding began , and 584 were rescued ."
there are 11 confirmed cases in the us ?
"scores of people fled from their homes in the region , which has been hit by a series of powerful earthquakes in recent months ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"he said the direction and shape of the holes indicated they were cut from the southern side and no attempt had been made to hide the breach , as would be expected in the case of a north korean infiltration ."
"we have had difficulties in a number of previous incidents convincing people to come forward with information , said simon kauba , assistant commissioner of police and commander of the highlands region , where the killing occurred ."
"ricardo lagos weber , minister of government affairs , who made a statement from santiago an hour after the quake hit , said information from isolated areas in the far north was coming in slowly ."
"the colombian government blames moreno for the 1983 death of the father of president alvaro uribe , who took office in 2002 with a vow to crush the rebels ."
people must be careful not to drink dirty water .
"the attack , which is likely to raise fears about greater election violence in pakistan , took place in the town of charsada in peshawar province between 5 30 p . m . and 6 p . m ."
"there were some opinions that it would be desirable to delay the trip until june in order to avoid political misunderstandings , the statement said ."
gordon also told both parents to avoid alcohol or other non prescription controlled substances 12 hours before taking custody of the children .
it finished behind sony s family comedy are we done yet ?
"new delhi , india , cnn india s supreme court granted bail monday to bollywood actor , jailed for six years for receiving guns from gangsters involved in the country s worst bombings ."
"earlier , the bodies of 12 men were found in baghdad , iraq s interior ministry said . a military spokesman said us troops took part in fighting in the sunni muslim dominated adhamiya district in the north of baghdad ."
he wants to be an artist or graphic designer .
zeng said she believed the arrest was part of a wider crackdown on rights campaigners .
"the abductor says the lawyer has seven days to win an impossible murder case , or she will never see her daughter again ."
european leaders plan to lobby china to lower barriers to imports and foreign investment and ease currency controls when
"vanuatu , formerly called the new hebrides islands , is part of the pacific ring of fire a zone of frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions 25 , 000 miles long that encircles the basin of the pacific ocean ."
it introduced limited sanctions and gave iran 60 days to comply a deadline that expired wednesday .
"he was trying to get a rise out of my father , she said ."
"the growths , called polyps , were found during a routine cancer scan that bush underwent saturday at the camp david presidential retreat ."
an ontario judge has ruled that steven cranley cannot have a girlfriend until 2010 .
"california saw democrats take courageous votes to cut services we care about . the republicans had a chance to also show some courage and support moderate new revenues and they simply turned their backs , said state assembly speaker karen bass on tuesday , when both sides failed to reach a resolution in that special session ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
george would rather take his own life than do something that public !
"north korea may want to avoid all talks and contact with south korea until the inauguration of the new president , said a unification ministry official who declined to be named ."
"the 9m wellcome trust case control consortium wtccc involved 50 leading research groups analysing the dna from 2 , 000 patients for each of the seven conditions and 3 , 000 healthy volunteers ."
the big draw was bond
"el bulli , near barcelona , claimed the top spot in this year s list of the 50 best places to eat , announced in london on monday evening ."
"that message urged al qaeda in iraq and other groups in that country to unify their forces and speak with one voice , that of the islamic nation . the message included no dated references , making it impossible to determine when it was taped based on its contents ."
endeavour is scheduled to land in florida sometime tomorrow .
"senior defense officials told reporters in baghdad that the bombs were being used to deadly effect , killing more than 170 us troops since june 2004 ."
"u . s . , n . k . have regular contact ."
"on wednesday pakistan police released pakistani opposition party leader imran khan from the dera ghazi khan city jail in punjab province , police sources said ."
"a series of attacks have been launched against iraqi security forces in baghdad in northern iraq , killing at least 6 people ."
liverpool ended chelsea s 86 match unbeaten run in league matches at stamford bridge as xabi alonso s goal gave them a 1 0 win on sunday .
"all the hype ends tomorrow night , when the arizona cardinals and the pittsburgh steelers take the field for super bowl 43 in tampa ."
"but her cell phone and a comforter were missing , police said ."
"boy , 8 , to face murder charges as father is mourned"
stephens said the world bank would assist asean by teaming up with officials who had experience in reconstruction efforts from the 2004 earthquake and tsunami in indonesia s banda aceh .
that role produced kitt s recognizable sultry cat growl .
"they re technically free to vote for whomever they wish , but you can bet obama will come away with enough votes to be sworn in as the 44th president of the united states in january 20th ."
they also came face to face with the three senators vying to succeed george w bush as president this november .
near 126th street and can get very busy at peak times like sunday brunch .
here are 5 actors and the legendary roles they turned down
"local provisional authorities implemented the curfew starting at 2 p . m . minutes after the bomb , the interior ministry official said , adding that the curfew will continue until further notice ."
"gm actually plans to cut 2 , 600 dealers ?"
"portugal international ronaldo helped united win the premier league , champions league and world club championship titles in 2008 ."
simon cowell didn t want to hear any excuses about her being too tired to rehearse
"it s all fixed up and set to start exploring the universe again , after being released by the shuttle this morning ."
"saddam deserves a death sentence 20 times a day because he tried to assassinate me 20 times , he said . the iraqi government last week confirmed that saddam hussein would go on trial on 19 october ."
"i guess the last time we ve seen hubble up close was march of 02 , so that s great to hear ."
did one of his bodyguards remove it ?
thomas frieden has been the top local doc for the past 7 years . he led the campaign to ban smoking in new york restaurants and bars .
"london , england cnn the european union s foreign policy chief said friday he was disappointed by the latest talks with iran over the nation s nuclear program , a failure that could result in more sanctions for the middle eastern nation ."
"we just can t afford to be lazy or relaxed , said choi in woong , a civil engineer ."
a procedural roadblock in the us senate has ended the legislative journey of a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage .
the first was we were in danger of weapons of mass destruction and the second was that iraq was somehow to blame for sept .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the protests , which began peacefully but turned violent , have thrown a shadow over the olympics , being staged in beijing in august ."
"the magazine put tom anderson and chris dewolfe , co founders of the the popular social networking site myspace as second in the powergeek 25 ."
"south africa offers land , expertise and prey animals , so it facilitates the tiger re wilding in a much quicker and faster way , said li quan , founder of the charity save china s tigers ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
it features several tennesseans saying why they are proud of american while repeatedly cutting to mrs . obama s comments . the tennessee republican party has always been proud of america .
south african president thabo mbeki
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"local investors dollar selling spree spurred the hike in the won , coming a day ahead of a u . s . federal reserve meeting that is expected to cut interest rates further , experts say ."
yang will step down when a replacement is selected .
"the short list will be whittled down to a winner in october 2009 to allow the host city seven years to prepare , under committee guidelines ."
"tirana , albania one moment president bush was glad handing albanians on sunday , proudly sporting a watch with a dark strap on his left wrist ."
"the korea times says the government has decided to relocate 73 central government agencies and other state organizations to the new administrative capital , expected to be located in south chungchong province ."
keanu reeves doesn t owe photog anything
it also accused roh of failing to keep a neutral stance .
we have the means several countries have the means to destroy a bomb .
"but this hotel is safely across viale trastevere , just far enough into the quiet part of the neighborhood to save guests from sacrificing shut eye ."
"the dow jones industrial s now down 169 points , a little better than 2 ."
"artificial tourist creations can work , said tony wheeler , co founder of the lonely planet guides ."
dorko said the leak was caused by an overflow from a tank .
naranjo said other evidence in the computers suggests farc purchased 50 kilograms of uranium this month .
"labor unions called the strike last week , angry over plans by french president nicolas sarkozy to reform a special category of pensions ."
living in a cage in hong kong
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
two traffic deaths were blamed on icy roads in oklahoma .
the joong ang ilbo quotes the city as claiming mbc distorted the facts and is seeking 1 . 4 billion won 1 . 3 million in damages .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"more crucially , the authors assume that labor markets function perfectly and that higher wages are based only on changes in human capital ."
ben bernanke talking about aig to the house financial services committee this morning .
"the first british leader to visit sudan since independence from london in 1956 , blair took a tough approach with bashir and his officials but said rebel groups must come to the table too ."
rice is one of key sticky issues in the talks as farmers and civic groups have fiercely opposed the opening of the market .
the president said it is not congress job to make decisions regarding the war .
"the territory has been under u . n . administration since the end of the 1999 nato bombing campaign that halted milosevic s campaign of ethnic cleansing against the albanians , who make up about 90 percent of kosovo s 2 million people ."
"the man had demanded that police let him move to another bus and then drive to an airport , china s state run news agency , xinhua said ."
so he moved on to plan b
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"president george w . bush and other world leaders are meeting in washington this weekend to search for ways out of the mess , the president calling this just a first in a series of such sessions ."
the department has not concluded its investigation but expects to release a report this week .
the 2 packages of ugly teeth are only the latest in a long line of chinese made toys and novelty items recalled because of lead .
"the tech fueled nasdaq composite charts gained 1 . 5 percent and carved out a new 2007 record , closing at its highest point since feb . 2001 ."
"the first homes in brad pitt s make it right rebuilding project are complete , and some three years after hurricane katrina devastated new orleans , lousiana , 68 year old grandmother gloria guy was on hand to give the actor a big hug ."
the cia reached the same conclusion . but two nationwide polls conducted this year found that a majority of pakistanis believe musharraf s government was complicit in bhutto s assassination .
"kuzar said the fifth hole would be tested for oxygen , and a camera may be lowered down the shaft , although the small amount of space may limit its usefulness ."
news of his retirement won t be too shocking for true fans recent strips have alluded to opus ending .
"teodoro said no one was injured , but associated press reported that at least two people were injured ."
neither was it clear whether kurdish leaders or iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki had requested the troops to move .
journalists covering the foreign ministry had to leave the building when the government information agency removed their makeshift workstations made out of styrofoam and rubber mattresses on the floors of the lobby .
"the boy s 19 year old brother was also hurt by shrapnel from the qassam rocket , which landed in the southern israeli town of sderot saturday evening , officials said ."
"zebari met yesterday with us deputy secretary of state richard armitage , the most senior u . s . official to visit iraq since the transfer of sovereignty ."
"seoul welcomes the deal , but spokesman cheon ho sun cautioned that many details must still be worked out and the aid workers will not be released immediately ."
"i m warning you with peace and love i have too much to do . so no more fan mail , thank you , thank you , and no objects to be signed ."
"but chavez , who was in cuba monday visiting communist leader fidel castro , said he wants to focus less on material goals for venezuela s 27 million people , 38 percent of whom live in poverty ."
"it s a very brutal scenario , but that s what it is ."
pahrump is about 60 miles west of las vegas .
"at the same time , the militant group has set a fresh deadline , the seventh of its kind since its kidnapping of koreans on july 19 , on the lives of the abductees believed to be held in small groups in different locations ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the 33 year old briton , who is the son of james barton and arabella spencer churchill , pleaded guilty before sydney s local court to knowingly taking part in the supply of a commercial quantity of a prohibited drug ."
"our chinese friends must understand the worldwide concern that there is about the question of tibet , and i will adapt my response to the evolutions in the situation that will come , i hope , as rapidly as possible , the president said during a visit with a military regiment in tarbes in southwest france ."
yi speaks with a polite yet authoritative tone .
"it is obvious that this bomb , at the moment it was launched , obviously would be destroyed immediately , he said ."
"later , at a news conference in chicago , illinois , obama said in his recent meetings with the national conference of governors , there was a strong bipartisan consensus that we ve got to get people working on some key projects that have been sitting there for a long time ."
leno tells this morning s new york times he d like to pay a return visit to letterman show someday .
meanwhile the israeli pm has hinted he may consider giving up palestinian districts in jerusalem in a peace deal .
"los angeles , california cnn a pressurized cylinder exploded at universal studios on sunday , injuring two firefighters as they tried to fight a blaze that began early in the day , los angeles authorities said ."
free doritos at the office today ?
raro is one of the world s rarest and most premium coffees .
"french author jean marie gustave le clezio has won this year s nobel prize for literature , the nobel foundation announced thursday ."
"the bribes were linked to sub standard medicines , blamed for several deaths ."
"officer of consumer goods maker marico , which owns the premium sundari ayurvedic line in the united states , said it may be hard to apply western standards and quality control to these traditional therapies and their natural ingredients . you can t put a barcode on every amla gooseberry or ensure standards of every root from a jharkhand eastern india forest ."
"the committee had previously agreed to give its support to muju , in north jeolla province ."
the same sub zero temperatures and biting winds that turned the northern plains into a skating rink are now flash freezing the northeast .
"if you did not make enough to require filing a return that year , you may still have had money withheld from your pay ."
england coach fabio capello says l . a . galaxy legend beckham will play some part in the match at stade de france where manchester united defender rio ferdinand will captain the side .
yahoo started a begging category but the recent spike in activity and diversity of sites led yahoo to rename the category e panhandling .
"if talks with iranian representatives and javier solana , foreign policy chief for the european union , are unsuccessful , merkel said , further steps will have to be made ."
"his last public statement was an audio message issued in december , when he urged his followers in iraq to continue battling u . s . troops there ."
"he has unveiled plans for more affordable housing , ecologically friendly towns and said investment in education and health remained a top priority ."
"locals drink loads of strong coffee , read books and take up knitting with zeal reserved in other parts of the nation for church going or clubbing ."
draft likely to be reduced
but the use of 825 nude amateur actors including 100 young women recruited from seoul college campuses
he will also call on iran to cease its support for terror abroad .
"the gas price thing is a constant that is keeping consideration in their minds , miller said ."
"he now has his own special interest . he has a group of people he can go to and ask them to participate in helping him pass his legislative agenda , raseij said ."
situations for travelers such as khan are at issue in a lawsuit filed last week by the electronic frontier foundation and asian law caucus in u . s . district court for the northern district of california .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"two helicopters reached the crash site off the coast of gunsan , north jeolla province , rescuing the pilot about 15 minutes after he parachuted to safety ."
the bones of martyred saints and somber shrines may not be at the top of every tourist s must see holiday wish list .
"thirty bodies have been identified 29 thai nationals and one singaporean , according to police ."
"the lost tomb of jesus , produced by oscar winning director james cameron and scheduled to air march 4 on the discovery channel , argues that 10 small caskets discovered in 1980 in a jerusalem suburb may have held the bones of jesus and his family ."
"a suicide bomber in northern iraq killed six people , including five police officers . the bomber detonated an explosives belt at a checkpoint in tal abta , about 55 miles west of mosul , police said ."
"i m going to cut back on some of my gifts , make them smaller , you know , rather than spending a lot of money ."
"china has begun talks with tokyo about what would be the first significant military dispatch involving the two countries since world war ii , the associated press reported thursday ."
"most venezuelan news media are in private hands , including many newspapers and radio stations that remain critical of chavez ."
iceland s exchange was also closed while the government rushed to draft a plan to deal with the financial turmoil s impact on its over leveraged banking sector .
"the joong ang ilbo reports the interest rate ceiling allowed to be charged by registered private lenders will be lowered sharply to 49 percent in september from the current 66 percent , the finance ministry said yesterday ."
"because hydroponic farming requires less water and less land than traditional field farming , fujimoto and researchers turned growers in other u . s . cities see it as ideal to bring agriculture to apartment buildings , rooftops and vacant lots ."
several smaller ones are not .
work to create the . asia domain began in 2000 with the dotasia organisation winning official approval to set up the domain in 2006 .
"lindsay lohan was a jailbird for just 84 minutes thursday , becoming the latest celebrity to serve less than a day for a drunken driving offense ."
the other oscar nominations went to clint eastwood for the world war ii epic letters from iwo jima and paul greengrass for the september 11 docudrama united 93 .
"one person has been killed in a fire that has burned more than 3 , 500 acres in the angeles national forest and encroached some northern areas of los angeles , mayor antonio villaraigosa said monday afternoon ."
"the yongsan base relocation is a key part of u . s . plan to reorganize its 37 , 000 troops based in south korea ."
"i waited so long for this moment , nurse snezhana dimitrova said before falling into the arms of her loved ones , the associated press reported ."
police have said no motive has been determined .
what would those contracts have been if the taxpayers wouldn t have bailed them out ?
the lawmakers demanded that the administration disclose the details of its negotiations and keep the assembly better informed as the negotiations proceed .
"the previous weekend s no . 1 movie , the dreamworks paramount thriller eagle eye , slipped to second place with 17 . 7 million , raising its total to 54 . 6 million ."
blair said on wednesday that the remaining troops in southern iraq would be responsible for securing stretches of iraq s frontier with western iran .
japanese scientists have produced clones of mice that have been dead and frozen for 16 years
"more than 600 mourners attended services for the father , vincent romero , 29 , monday morning , cnn affiliate kpho tv reported ."
this must not be the case for the polar bear .
this is going to be a major storm .
"what s changed , though , is in the past you had smaller human populations viruses would infect them and go extinct ."
two neighboring counties were helping with the repairs .
"the missile capable of carrying multiple independent warheads was fired from a mobile launcher at the plesetsk launch in northwestern russia , and its test warhead landed on target about 3 , 400 miles away on the far eastern kamchatka peninsula , according to a statement from russian strategic missile forces ."
"the international committee of the red cross picked up the four in a jungle clearing of a rebel area in colombia and flew them to caracas , venezuela ."
stock prices moved more than 2 higher in early trading on news that interbank lending was showing signs of emerging from its deep freeze .
miss teen colorado hilary carol cruz won the crown .
"bartz ran software company autodesk for 14 years , most recently serving as executive chairwoman ."
"the korean nuclear crisis flared in october , when u . s . officials said pyongyang admitted having a uranium program . washington and its allies suspended fuel shipments"
"spears former husband , kevin federline , is to retain custody of their two sons until further order of the court , according to a ruling by superior court judge scott gordon ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"obama on monday emphasized his ability to attract independents and republicans in an appearance in east rutherford , new jersey , home of the new super bowl champions , the new york giants ."
the world s sharemarkets climbed again after european governments monday announced bank bailouts worth more than 1 trillion and in anticipation of the u . s . bailout .
"seoul has not yet been informed of any u . s . plan to increase pressure on north korea , although it is possible washington will consider stepping up financial sanctions against pyongyang , a senior south korean official said yesterday ."
the result was partly blamed on a series of scandals involving his ministers .
"defense secretary robert gates , criticized by some for comments indicating nato forces in southern afghanistan are not up to par , praised them thursday for their valor and sacrifice , which has caused the taliban significant losses ."
one source called it all but a done deal that the announcement could come as early as next week .
"the korea research institute of bioscience and biotechnology monday launched the korea national primate research center in chongwon , north chungchong province ."
"humberto coelho , korea s national soccer coach , will speak about his future today at a news conference at the headquarters of the korea football association ."
"temple officials will replace sajani when she returns to nepal later this week , the report cited joshi as saying ."
the systems that are built into us to find food and water are the things that were also active when he renounced the throne of england .
he gives me a machine gun and a rifle .
"the researchers , led by eske willerslev of the university of copenhagen , denmark , say the findings are the first direct proof that there was forest in southern greenland ."
"the bill , currently being drafted by democratic lawmakers in the house of representatives funds operations in iraq until the end of july ."
"ebay , the world s largest online auctioneer , said it would lodge an appeal and said the decision was not a victory for copyright law ."
"aerial video showed no apparent damage to the parking structure , where entrances were blocked while police , firefighters and federal bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives agents investigated ."
"he based the report on accounts from current and former military , intelligence , and congressional sources ."
south korea suspended its aid after the july missile tests .
"us tv networks showed pictures from a video apparently made by the islamic state of iraq , an umbrella group which says it has the two soldiers ."
"officials say the tanker , carrying hydrochloric acid , overturned on a highway at the edge of wind gap , pennsylvania ."
associated press correspondent sauger magoni on capitol hill .
new hampshire is the next battleground in the state by state process of picking democratic and republican candidates for november s presidential election to succeed president george w . bush .
"the museum also has the secret formula 4 d theater , a movie ride in which the audience dons 3 d glasses and gets bumped , blown with air and sprayed with mist during the show ."
"30 on a day when the boston runners faced the remnants of a chilly , soaking nor easter ."
his 11 2 postseason record is the best of any pitcher with 10 or more victories and he has a 2 . 23 postseason era in 19 starts .
"the chase ended in santa monica , where police arrested lohan for being behind the wheel . in both cases , lohan was found in possession of small amounts of cocaine ."
half of it s just getting to talk to people you would never meet otherwise .
"crabs and other marine invertebrates die when the water is too cold , because they cannot flush magnesium out of their systems ."
"one of the men lying on the ground and another man came up with a pole , and started smashing it into his head ."
"at least 3 children have been killed and 16 others hurt in the partial collapse of a sports center in barcelona , spain ."
"press conference in london on tuesday . but , standing alongside visiting california gov . arnold schwarzenegger at his final news conference , blair said he was ready to help in whatever way he could ."
"meanwhile , detectives from britain s scotland yard on sunday once again examined the white land cruiser that bhutto was riding in when she was assassinated , pakistan s state run news agency said ."
"zapeta had paid taxes on the earnings , he said , and under legal guidelines should be fined at most 5 , 000 for failing to report he was traveling with the cash ."
"there are almost 1 . 3 billion in unclaimed tax refunds from 2005 , and you may still be able to get some of that money ."
"the company made the game available for download with the july launch of its app store , an online provider of applications for its ipods and iphones ."
"under the designation , any bank accounts and financial assets in the united states must be frozen , and american citizens will not be permitted to do business with the bank ."
"cnn is also updating its poll of polls of the national general election , thanks to the new cnn orc survey , plus the release of other new surveys monday morning ."
"at an afternoon news conference , blatter refused to identify the girl , who he said had been missing since june 16 , 2006 ."
both parties appeared to have lost some support following the fires and a financial scandal in which state pension funds bought bonds at inflated prices .
"the government has set a firm policy to develop the nonpublic sectors , wen said ."
but it is also in argentina where fans have produced one of the greatest spectacles in football history .
"eight british nationals are believed to have died , according to foreign secretary david miliband ."
"the study was paid for by the u . n . development group iraq trust fund , the who and the european commission ."
"but it s obvious that the draft resolution contains some elements which can t be accepted by us , russia s foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin said in a statement ."
"the findings are encouraging , he says , given that previous research has suggested that patients might develop much more serious problems , such as major depression and suicidal thoughts , than were seen in the current study ."
there was a heavy police presence and rally organizers said 20 people were arrested .
"they said that currency traders are betting on a weaker dollar as the united states could cut its key rates to help boost the economy this year , while european and japanese central banks may move to raise their rates , which should further weaken the greenback ."
"french president nicolas sarkozy said france would donate 300 million , and the united states was expected to pledge more than 500 million ."
the u . s . army said commanders are aware of the second allegation and are looking into it .
his party urged that the government go ahead with elections on january 8 .
"the next step of discussing the issue of dismantling the north korean nuclear program should be the focus , said hill , who added that he does not have any travel plans right now but would assess when a trip to the north is feasible ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
it kind of irritated me .
"brian bonsall , who played andy keaton in family ties , pleaded guilty to third degree assault in a case involving his girlfriend and was sentenced to two years probation , prosecutors said ."
"this week while you re traveling , if you happen to spot a man applying hand sanitizer as he gets off an escalator , there s a good chance it s dr . mark gendreau , a senior staff physician at the lahey clinic in burlington , massachusetts ."
"much of the talk on the streets of big cities like yangon is on a monday deadline set by monks for the regime to apologize for beating hundreds of them two weeks ago as they marched and chanted buddhist prayers peacefully in pakokku , a center of buddhist learning ."
"mike don , lear , death of a salesman , i ve done all sorts but , particularly during the days of hill street blues , i ll be known as sarge , haha , which is alright ."
president roh moo hyun expressed hope that candidates in the 1997 presidential race will not be subject to the ongoing probe into the allegedly illegal fundraising scandal .
are eagerly awaiting the bush era restrictions to be lifted .
"we launched a helicopter and a small boat from san diego to conduct the search , and also there were 2 coast guard cutters , which are larger boats , operating in the area . they were also diverted to participate in the search ."
"neola , utah in california , evacuated residents were returning to their burned out streets saturday after a separate wildfire near lake tahoe destroyed more than 200 homes and charred 3 , 100 acres ."
the united states has eight entries the second highest number for any single country .
"in one study of 540 adults who had been adopted at early ages , researchers found that the subjects levels of fatness were much closer to those of their biological parents than to those of their adoptive ones ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"all stories are fact checked and edited by professional reporters before being pasted onto the internet , he said ."
viewers were left to ponder just what it was he got .
"we disagree with the court s holding and intend to pursue this case vigorously to protect all americans from vindictive government officials who abuse their power for their own political ends , she said in a statement ."
"because of a mechanical malfunction , aa flight 90 was 14 hours late leaving chicago s o hare airport on february 8 ."
"although adams solution gets him a lot of attention during flights , the reasoning behind it may not be that farfetched ."
filippo inzaghi scored a last gasp equalizer after ronaldinho fired in a superb 30 meter free kick as italian giants ac milan hit back from two goals down for a 2 2 uefa cup draw at portsmouth .
"welcome to qua s arctic ice room , where snow gently descends from a domed ceiling through mint infused air chilled to 55 degrees ."
"sir hillary , 83 , with sherpa tenzing norgay who died in 1986 , was the first to scale the world s highest mountain , reaching the summit on may 29 , 1953 ."
"police said fritzl confessed to keeping his daughter elisabeth in the basement for more than two decades , where he repeatedly raped her and fathered seven children with her 8212"
"in a statement issued hours before her passing , the palace said galyani s kidneys were not functioning and her breathing had weakened ."
"consequently , the number of boats landing in aden has jumped from 60 to 361 since january while the number of fatalities has remained constant , according to unhcr ."
"hyundai the country s largest car firm , and its affiliate kia motors , which is headed by chung s son represent some 70 of south korea s vehicle exports , making it a vital part of the economy ."
"the guidelines for treating high cholesterol from the national cholesterol education program recommend that patients try to lower their cholesterol through therapeutic lifestyle changes tlc , which include exercise and a healthy diet , before starting a statin ."
ban made the remark during a luncheon meeting with local and foreign journalists .
"an album the band recorded in 1993 finally goes on sale tuesday , long after a squabble between the group and its former record company shelved the project ."
but this one is small .
"open it up , take a seat , switch on your laptop and you re good to go ."
the centerpiece of wolfe s work is trying to stop the next pandemic before it starts .
"tokyo , japan cnn 8212 japan s opposition controlled upper house of parliament approved a no confidence motion wednesday against prime minister yasuo fakuda ."
they re 10 and 11 year old girls getting a lesson in cooking and healthy eating .
"south korea urged japan to face up to history and expressed official regret on saturday , a day after tokyo insisted there was no evidence its military or government forced women to work in world war ii military brothels ."
"everyone has the right to die in dignity , anne mie descheemaeker of the flemish green party told reuters ."
"homer dumps waste from his new pet pig into an already polluted lake , causing an environmental crisis that prompts president schwarzenegger and his evil aide albert brooks to seal off the town ."
"russian billionaire boris berezovsky said he is planning a revolution in russia to topple president vladimir putin , in comments published on friday ."
even more extreme is the 10 million that former defense contractor david h . brooks of long island reportedly spent in 2005 on his daughter s bat mitzvah .
"without the bundle , the group led by australia s macquarie bank and allco finance group and tpg inc . from forth worth , texas , falls short of the 50 percent minimum stake it needed to keep its bid alive for two more weeks ."
the chicago bulls swept the defending nba champion miami heat out of the playoffs with a 92 79 victory on sunday .
then she put her head down again and closed her eyes .
george w . bush said so long to the american people before an appreciative audience last night in the east room .
flying with the flu ?
"thaksin s right hand man , deputy prime minister somkid jatusripitak , resigned earlier on tuesday one of more than 100 party members to announce their departure ."
why did edward viii give up the throne for wallis simpson ?
myanmar currently receives around 3 per person in aid one of the lowest rates worldwide .
"a statement attributed to fatah al islam was sent thursday to several media outlets in lebanon , saying the militant group intends to blow up several crusaders universities and schools tomorrow in the event the lebanese army does not surrender ."
"chavez lashed out at baduel during the wednesday press conference , calling him a traitor who had been bought by the u . s . empire ."
"this would be toyota s first operating loss since 1950 , toyota spokesman steve curtis said ."
"hill said he expected a flurry of bilateral diplomacy among all the parties before the fourth round of talks resumes on the week of august 29th in beijing , where they recessed sunday after 13 grueling days ."
"we re horrified that anyone can do this and saddened by the age of the child , neindorf said ."
"the skyscrapers glowing with illuminated signs , subway stops inside shopping malls and taxis with automated doors could be straight out of blade runner or the fifth element ."
"more than 67 million people have been affected by the weather and economic losses are expected to reach as much as 3 billion , chinese officials say ."
nedo sonetti resigned as coach of serie a bottom club cagliari on wednesday and marco giampaolo refused an offer to return in charge of the struggling italian outfit .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
not everyone is certain about this hypothesis .
the sources said national intelligence service first deputy director kim man bok appears to be the strongest candidate for chief of the spy agency .
"after abu reesha s killing , the council went on iraq s state run television to announce seven days of mourning ."
"the analysis of dinosaur tracks , reported in the journal nature , the 22 foot long creatures were able to accelerate from a walking pace of about four mph to a top speed of almost 20 mph ."
medical researchers say state laws meant to keep teens out of indoor tanning booths are not being enforced or are having little effect
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2668116
flying with the flu ?
"microsoft shares rose nearly 2 percent , or 57 cents , to 29 . 81 ."
"on friday , as the regulations stipulated , i informed ioc members of my decision and i will be a candidate for a second mandate , added rogge ."
both suha and karima have clients that call them a couple times a week .
"199 for the 8gb model and 299 for the 16gb version , a pleasing price for all but the poor souls who shelled out nearly 600 a year ago ."
"the nation s new high speed railroad service , the korea train express ktx , began service on thursday , launching korea into a new era of high speed railway travel , the korea times reports ."
"leonard rubenstein , director of physicians for human rights , said the executive order was inadequate ."
"robert gershman , one of zapeta s attorneys , said federal prosecutors later offered his client a deal"
police spokesman marcele mendes said she will be held for at least 30 days .
draft likely to be reduced
four decades after martin luther king jr . s death and just weeks after barack obama s win in the iowa caucus a cnn poll finds more americans than ever before believe the country is ready for a black president .
we praise those people who have lived through the impossible or succeeded where others would fail .
the japanese were showing no signs of surrender .
the democrats co wrote the letter with the major opposition labor party .
"according to the poll , 64 percent had a favorable opinion of obama after the debate , up 4 points from before the event ."
"since his film appeared at this little known london festival , director charles duke has gained prominence and his film was accepted at the cannes film festival ."
"despite the distraction of the north korean missile launches , tokyo summoned up an angry reaction and said it would resume planning a similar survey in the area ."
but a government spokeswoman specified the agreement is not a substantive one .
"bush hopes to strengthen sometimes shaky u . s . south korea ties under lee , a pro american conservative who took office in late february and made the united states his first overseas trip ."
do you think an astronaut teacher would have inspired you to study science or math ?
"it declared an emergency with smoke in the cockpit and was attempting to land at orlando sanford international airport , said federal aviation administration spokeswoman kathleen bergen ."
the official military line is that current activities in area 51 are classified and cannot be discussed .
the wireless internet will come as a dealer installed option and will work over cellular telephone links .
"the attack occurred wednesday inside a police recruitment center in the southern part of the town , eight kilometers five miles from where the korean troops are based ."
"it is such a novel proposition , kissinger replied in his discussion with mao in beijing ."
nelson said the gap could be narrowed to three years if nasa were to get an extra 400 million above the 2008 budget request and an extra 800 million each in 2009 and 2010 .
"the united states and japan are currently jointly developing a global missile defense system for all types of medium and long range missiles , including north korea s intercontinental taepodong 2 missiles which are thought to be capable of reaching the u . s . mainland ."
but researchers at tokyo s waseda university hope the contraption will soon be deployed to hospitals and spas across japan to give therapeutic facial massages .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2766444
a live report from white house correspondent mark smith in europe
"at a casa de tabaco , or drying house , leaves that have grown to maturity are sewn together in pairs on a cuje , a four foot long straight pole , and fermented ."
smith s body is being kept under refrigeration at the medical examiner s office in dania beach .
"i think that if i m going to iraq , then i m there to talk to troops and talk to commanders . i m not there to try to score political points or perform , obama said wednesday . the work they re doing there is too important ."
eleven million first time shoppers spent money online this holiday season .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"serena williams , the defending"
flying with the flu ?
the shortened tours would apply only to troops deployed on or after august 1 and would not cut back tours for those currently in iraq .
but british media filming roadblocks on portugal s border with spain caught police sitting in their cars and waving vehicles by during a recent rainshower .
"that apparently means new hampshire governor john lynch , a democrat , has agreed to appoint a non democrat to serve out the remaining two years of republican gregg s term ."
"a scan revealed the full extent of the damage , which will keep beckham out of england s matches against israel on september 8 and russia four days later ."
politico s alex burns says ahead of last night s vp debate cracks were beginning to develop in palin s performance as a national candidate .
the car maker recorded an operating profit of 2 . 27 trillion last year .
she studied journalism and art and graduated from the university of texas in 1934 .
"the payouts began as firefighters gained ground on dozens of fires that have scorched 444 , 790 acres 180 , 000 hectares of the greek countryside ."
"the market , huriev says , is open for them ."
"there had been speculation that the 76 year old raul castro , would name one of cuba s younger generation of communist leaders as his number two ."
"cheryl dellasega , a penn state women s studies professor , ticks off hypothetical examples that could have come straight from the scripts to mean girls or heathers ."
"whitson and tani performed virtually the entire job in the darkness of night , pausing during the daytime swings around earth when 160 volts of electricity would course through the cables ."
"yalcin aksoy of the turkish olympic committee also told reporters there was no question of the torch not coming to his country or being refused , and that such a move would be against the olympic spirit . no one should mix politics with sports , he said ."
"clinton was ahead by 1 percent in the same matchup in june , 49 percent to 48 percent ."
"the policy , begun in the 1970s , prohibits most couples from bearing more than one child ."
"their exit began as night fell tuesday , amid a lull in the clashes between militants of the fatah al islam group and the lebanese army ."
"as they charged down the 800 meter route , two of them fell and , appearing to lose their way , turned on the crowd of runners . two people were gored ."
tokyo cnn japanese police arrested a 19 year old man monday for allegedly threatening on the internet to go on a stabbing spree at tokyo disneyland .
"i am deeply touched that this great honor has been given to me , a buddhist monk born of a simple family , he said ."
"china s economy is based largely on exports , and with people around the world buying less , they are buying fewer chinese made goods"
many churches called off sunday services because of the hazardous driving conditions .
"rob knox , 18 , was stabbed after he got caught up in a fight outside a bar in southwest london early saturday , london s metropolitan police said in a statement ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"i told him when i saw him at the hotel that i accepted his apology , said thomas moore , who had pushed investigators to reopen the cold case"
the university and police are still in the process of releasing the names of those killed in monday s shootings .
there are numerous options for seeing glaciers by helicopter or small plane .
tom collins said the airstrike near musa qala on sunday morning killed a senior taliban leader riding in a car .
the sharp decline in tokyo comes as fears grow about the sustainability of any recovery in the world s second largest economy .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the three , all women , were first handed to tribal leaders , who took them to an agreed location where officials of the international committee of the red cross picked them up , according to an associated press reporter who witnessed the handover ."
chinese officials summoned the japanese ambassador in beijing to express their strong dissatisfaction at koizumi s action .
"caffeine is dangerous during pregnancy , li said , because it can cross through the placenta to the fetus and can be difficult for the fetus to metabolize the caffeine ."
analysts say . xxx and nearly everything else would be possible if the rules are relaxed .
"after the couple s arrest on sunday , raj insisted the sex change operation made him a man , and he married tariq to save her from the arranged marriage ."
a source close to her management team says winheouse sought that order in order to keep the photographers 100 meters from her new home .
li said the embargo should be lifted primarily because it was a jarring note in the partnership between the beijing and the eu .
men who ran for an hour or more weekly at 6 mph or more were 42 percent less likely to develop heart disease than non runners .
"nancy reagan , wife of the late president ronald reagan , is hospitalized in california after suffering a broken pelvis , according to spokeswoman joanne drake ."
but they also need to convince them that u . s . forces aren t leaving anytime soon .
"she will meet executives of her national league for democracy , along with a government minister , on friday ."
"phoenix also detected the presence of magnesium , sodium , potassium and chloride in the mixture ."
"it s totally unacceptable to keep occupation forces there forever , he added ."
"it originally meant you were for freedom , clinton responded . i prefer the word progressive ."
known for her stylish outfits and haircut
draft likely to be reduced
"whether 2 , 000 troops come home this year or not , it is too little too late and we must intensify our call for all troops to be withdrawn now and for britain to break the link with george bush s foreign policy , said lindsey german , head of the stop the war coalition , which organized the demonstration ."
president roh moo hyun is expected to replace four ministers as early as this week including justice minister kim sung ho who has offered to resign amid rising speculation that he and the president do not see eye to eye .
"kesuma , as the boy was named , was flung into the depths of mount bromo ."
"lt . gen . raymond odierno , commander of the u . s . led forces in iraq , said thursday , the bottom line is that we believe that the quds force has been involved in training and possibly providing funding and potentially weapons to some groups within iraq . so we watch that extremely carefully ."
"about a week ago , after seeing a guy wearing a t shirt that read unemployed , she decided to take the idea a step further and put her resume on the front of her shirt and a cover letter on the back ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a string of car bombs and suicide attacks across iraq on sunday killed and wounded dozens in what has been a bloody weekend for the war ravaged nation ."
"it is an unsettling performance , and one of the film s many highlights ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the fbi and joint terrorism task force began an investigation immediately , christie said ."
managers were bewildered about strategy .
"but labor cabinet minister peter hain accused the conservatives of scurrilous , right wing , ugly tactics ."
"the second substance is insulin , a hormone that can enhance performance by influencing the glycogen metabolism ."
the three year old online service ohmynews where the public reports on everything from local gossip to national politics has become such a high profile news outlet that roh moo hyun granted it his first interview after being inaugurated as president in february .
"i will not allow it to move through the senate , unless and until korea completely lifts its ban on u . s . beef , he said ."
"the mood of the nation is for reconciliation now , rudd said ."
columbia s crew had completed 80 plus scientific research experiments during their time in orbit .
this means a product sold at 100 in the u . s . is priced at 95 in south korea .
wall street opened lower this morning on news of more unemployment and less consumer spending .
san francisco mayor gavin newsom told reuters news agency
"the brain is an astonishing 60 percent fat , and it needs omega 3s to function properly ."
the city s government is pushing for better english and chinese skills and disputes some of the criticism .
but hiddink said he would draw little from the match six years ago .
"but this all has to happen under the umbrella of national will , the government and the law ."
"getting more organs is an ethically sound idea , but his new plan won t work ."
"hutchinson said police reopened the investigation into the disappearance three months ago , when information about darwin s finances came to light ."
it s a sad turn of events for rising star jennifer hudson .
to persuade another company to produce the instant film .
"the accused pleaded not guilty to charges of trying to kill a policeman during the rally in the capital kuala lumpur on 25 november , the lawyer said ."
iraqi interior ministry spokesman brig . gen . abdul kareem khalaf said unity s four vehicles were driving from the outer karrada area toward the national theater in central baghdad .
clinton said the woman ran into trouble and went to a hospital in a nearby county but was denied treatment because she couldn t afford a 100 payment .
"the emergency door was opened , she said , and quite a lot of people were able to get out of the plane ."
"her friends all watch sex and the city , and even her mother has heard of california and new york ."
"in chicago , a police spokeswoman estimated the crowd at 150 , 000 late in the afternoon ."
"the study produced by leading international humanitarian organization , doctors without borders said the failure by the government to provide hiv aids treatment to its people is putting the population at risk ."
koreans are still barred from buying foreign real estate as an investment as opposed to a domicile .
"and he really has been married to roma for decades . beyond that , the truth is murky ."
"heart disease is the world s top killer , claiming some 17 million lives a year ."
she blasts rhythm blues out of its museum piece quaintness .
maier turns back the clock to win super g
benjaminson and colleagues sliced up muscle from large goldfish and placed them in a vat of nutrient rich liquid .
"they need cash , just like so much other parts of the economy do ."
"as the story goes , princess roro anteng and her husband , joko seger , settled in the foothills of the volcano ."
pro democracy lawmakers blocked both of his main proposals to expand the committee responsible for electing the chief executive and to increase the size of the legislature .
"the movie , which is being filmed mostly in north and south carolina , also stars john krasinski and renee zellweger ."
fifa president joseph blatter indicated yesterday that north korea could be punished for incidents in the march 30 world cup qualifying match against iran in pyongyang s kim il sung stadium .
"this is a tragic event for our community , the magnitude of which is difficult to fathom or quantify ."
obama has nominated former new york city health commissioner margaret hamburg to head the fda .
taiwan s main opposition party is making its first visit to china since communist forces defeated it and took power on the mainland in 1949 .
the agency said the advertisement was likely to cause serious or widespread offense and demanded ryanair not run it again .
"it s 22 by 6 miles , with 7 , 000 residents , 350 deer , seven pastors , no crosswalks , three police officers and a pervasive passion for the environment ."
"honestly , it felt like when i was at home , the walls became very , very close in . i wouldn t say claustrophobic , but very cabin feverish , sandler said ."
"philomena mccann , the sister of madeleine s father , told the british network itn on friday that police tried to get kate to confess to having accidentally killed madeleine by offering her a deal through her lawyer in which she would say she killed madeleine by accident and then disposed of the body ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
they claim that the money is sent abroad for education costs or donations but use it to purchase foreign properties and golf courses .
after several hours of shooting outside the controversial lal masjid red mosque a ceasefire was negotiated .
but she acknowledged the mission is more difficult than we originally thought when nato forces were first deployed to afghanistan three years ago .
and while the four southern provinces have around 20 percent of the iraqi people they still account for less than 5 percent of the overall violence in iraq .
the ap s mike grossia reports that there is a prediction that low gas prices could be with us for a while .
"the first state run center for migrant workers will open today in daerim dong , southwestern seoul , to help migrant workers adapt to korean society , korean government officials said yesterday ."
"south korea and the united states reached a final consensus in more than half of the 19 negotiation sectors during the eighth round of free trade agreement fta talks in seoul , which ended on monday ."
"hong kong , china cnn hong kong officials gave kindergarten and primary school children an early break for the easter holiday in the midst of a deadly flu outbreak ."
brazilian swim star rebeca gusmao was suspended monday by fina after testing positive for testosterone .
"google inc shares made their long awaited stock market debut on thursday , rising sharply to 100 after an initial public offering marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions ."
and each stateroom has a bathroom with a bathtub also relatively uncommon on non luxury cruise ships .
chin said at a conference that the foreign currency authorities will take steps to balance demand and supply of u . s . dollars in the korean currency market to help curb the rapid surge in the won s value .
champions real madrid maintained their superb start to the spanish season with a 5 1 victory over slumping valencia in the mestella on wednesday night .
"he didn t offer a timetable for its official release , although windows vista went on sale more than two years after it was issued in beta form ."
"on sunday , a 9 year old girl was badly hurt after jumping from the third floor of a children s home in sofia ."
", provincial police chief sharif virk said ."
"cnn s senior editor for arab affairs , octavia nasr , said gadahn s threats are focused , making them one of his strongest messages to date ."
"dennis christen , assistant manager of animal care and husbandry , said that male sea horses , sea dragons and pipe fish all carry the eggs instead of the female ."
tracking deadly viruses spread from animals to humans
south korea has accepted the proposal .
"barr , who played a prominent role in the impeachment of former president bill clinton , told supporters at the libertarian national convention in denver , we have only 163 days to win this election ."
"an internet oversight board gave the web a new batch of domain names , choosing . biz , . name , . info , . pro , . museum , . aero , and . coop to help ease the dot com name crunch ."
"miami , florida cnn a federal judge has rejected attempts to block former panamanian leader gen . manual noriega s extradition to france to face money laundering charges ."
"bangladesh s death toll from cyclone sidr has reached an estimated 2 , 000 people , officials said sunday , amid fears that it could skyrocket to five times that number ."
near the mystery piano
the woman was given the hand reared camel in march as a birthday present from her husband and daughter .
"but as this rather enigmatic figurehead pays an official visit to east africa the results of his work in rural development , education and healthcare on the continent are sparking interest ."
shapira said it was probably food that lured the big cat .
"hundreds of the khaki uniformed interior ministry officers flooded tbilisi s main thoroughfare , the site of the main protests by demonstrators calling for the u . s . backed saakashvili to resign ."
the ap s janina versa says this doesn t indicate the economy is turning around
"by some counts , the days off total could soar as high as 165 , compared with france s 145 and the u . s ."
the greens accused oettinger of rewriting history .
"the leader of the opposition grand national party gnp said monday his party will file a lawsuit against lee sang eop , a former senior official of the spy agency for orchestrating the covert operations against lee myung bak , one of gnp s leading presidential contenders ."
"also plans to demonstrate various other new safety , security and entertainment technologies , not yet available on the market , in a souped up vehicle at the consumer electronics show in las vegas ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"london , england cnn britain s largest union is merging with united steelworkers , creating the first trans atlantic labor organization , the two labor groups said sunday ."
"three self catering apartments , which share a bathroom , a kitchen and common areas , are located about 15 minutes off site in esquilino , rome s chinatown ."
"we re sure that most of you have heard by now that one of the background music tracks that was licensed from a record label for use in the game contains two expressions that can be found in the quran , a statement on the game s web site said ."
people gathered outside the hospital to hear news about friends and relatives
one of the highest honors and privileges of my life
"the suspect , a parole violator , was also killed ."
they were cited for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature .
it carries ethnic koreans back and forth on excursions and is believed to be an important conduit of cash and goods sent by japan s korean community .
"red sox president larry lucchino says the players are tired , but looking forward to playing some baseball ."
"seoul mayor oh se hoon apologized yesterday for the controversy and canceled plans to sell the rights to purchase the units , scheduled for later this year ."
"among other things , the market s staggering under the weight of aig"
"the north korea democratic people s republic of korea under 17 women s team has just won the fifa world cup , beating england in the semi final and shocking the u . s . in the final to be champions ."
you have a real choice in this election .
flying with the flu ?
"combative forward dallaglio , whose test career spanned 12 years and 85 caps , pre empted that decision when he made the official announcement on thursday ."
a small cluster of villages in eastern netherlands has found itself in the midst of a mini baby boom
"germany s richest woman has said a former lover has threatened to release pictures of them together if she does not pay him millions of euros dollars , according to her spokesman ."
"the munich based automaker said its august sales were led by demand from u . s . buyers , where it sold 30 , 638 cars , up 19 . 3 percent from august 2006 . demand was also up in germany , with 19 , 253 cars sold , up 10 . 8 percent from last year ."
"cbo s report concludes that the cost of the president s plan to surge troops will be higher than previously indicated , both in dollar terms and in the burdens it places on our military , spratt , d south carolina , said in a written statement ."
"the perforation allowed bacteria to get into smith s blood , which caused a high fever in the days before her death ."
"the decision , which effectively dissolves prime minister somchai wongsawat s government , follows months of opposition protests in bangkok that have driven government officials from their offices and shut down the city s major airport for a week ."
"mogadishu , somalia cnn neighborhoods in the somali capital were deserted on sunday , a day after 17 civilians were brutally killed in the wake of intense fighting between ethiopian backed somali troops and islamic insurgents , according to witnesses and journalists in mogadishu ."
"lee , now 64 , used to be a down and out construction hand in a seoul slum ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"more than 1 , 000 people , mostly muslims , were killed in the 2002 riots , although many believe the figure to be higher ."
"cnn turk , citing turkish government and military sources , reported the activity and said it had been taking place since sunday ."
omx ranks 11th with a market turnover of 1 . 3 trillion .
"the rest of his remains were placed in an urn buried along with the can , with some placed in another urn and given to a grandson , said baur s daughter , linda baur of diamondhead , mississippi ."
"i think it validated that i was meant to be a mother because every day i dealt with the character as a mother and thinking as a mother , berry said ."
one victim s relative said there had been too few guilty verdicts for such a horrible crime .
"no sounds were returned , and the coast guard wrapped up their rescue mission for the night ."
"tickling the ivories , pouring eggnog"
prime minister goh expressed his resignation .
"just because you live in a high tech world doesn t mean your manners can sink to new lows when using your personal technology , experts say ."
"however , the dollar was traded for between 1 , 900 won and 2 , 600 won in the market , up to 19 times higher than the official rate ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2767955
"this is an ugly war . it s a war in which an enemy will kill innocent men , women and children in order to achieve a political objective . it doesn t surprise me that there is deep concern amongst our people ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the incident occurred in the fletcher cove area of solana beach near a popular surf spot known as table tops , one of the main access areas to solana beach , said sheriff s lt . mike mcclain ."
the latest discoveries are from the countryside . the indian countryside .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
he said they clearly belonged to the occupants of the car where the dead man was .
"felix is expected to remain a major hurricane , at least category 3 , until it makes landfall , and some restrengthening is possible prior to landfall , forecasters said monday evening ."
david axelrod tells abc s this week that new york federal reserve bank president timothy geitner is a perfect fit for treasury secretary .
u . s . treasury secretary henry paulson says golden parachute payments will be banned and the salary deals of bankers clawed back as part of the government s 250 billion bailout of the financial sector .
"sen . john mccain of arizona expressed some hope of clinching his party s nomination tuesday and , minutes later , found himself speaking on live national television with sen . hillary clinton of new york , who has vowed she is the democrat best prepared to beat him in a general election ."
this question isn t an excuse to beg for a compliment it s an opportunity to show the boss you want to steer your own career .
"in an interview on fox news sunday , he said new york federal reserve president tim geithner and former treasury secretary larry summers are among the those people ."
"current rules 14 different sets of rules , the ministry said divide the market into eight sectors , across which firms cannot now tread ."
"nearly double the previous high of 4 . 3 percent in january 2001 , according to a report from the ministry of economy , trade and industry ."
"men also face harsh punishment under sharia law in countries such as saudia arabia and iran , but sentences delivered by the courts tend to be biased against women ."
"the fda has never formally approved that use for the drugs , but some other countries have ."
"there are only around 70 javan rhinos in the wild , about 60 of which live in ujung kulon national park on the western tip of java island ."
"after weeks of criticism that she was being too elusive , senate hopeful caroline kennedy is now talking about why she believes she is the best person for the job ."
"dicaprio , nominated for an academy award for his role in the film blood diamond last year , will play a newcomer who exposes the accounting fraud at the houston based company , the studio said ."
the united states house of representatives has voted in favor of pulling most combat troops out of iraq by april next year .
"as per the law of land , the investigation has to be carried on by india , mukherjee said ."
"but saemmul community church , where bae and other hostages are members , said bae s health condition has been good ."
it is neither necessary nor nutritious .
"others deface them deliberately , including a finnish tourist who was fined 17 , 000 after hacking an ear lobe off a statue in march ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
a peacock that roamed into the parking lot of a burger king in new york city was beaten by a man who insisted it was a vampire .
"the direct reprogramming technique avoids the swarm of ethical , political and practical obstacles that have stymied attempts to produce human stem cells by cloning embryos ."
another study of healthy adult workers at one company also showed that administration of the vaccine resulted in fewer illnesses .
"nafdac s director general dora akunyili warns counterfeiting is not just a nigerian problem . these criminals are cooperating , so we too need to cooperate if we can face them ."
"another area , called courthouse square , also was destroyed , meyer said ."
"if icann approves the proposals , the world of . com and . org and country names like . jp or . fr would be opened to a much wider choice , such as . hotel or . sex ."
yonhap news agency reports president lee myung bak wednesday replaced two of his scandal ridden ministers designate to avoid political wrangling with opposition parties amid growing concerns about the delayed formation of his cabinet .
"these golden days are long indeed , and can last up to nine days utilizing the five day workweek plus gaechonjol national foundation day and annual paid holiday ."
"but injuries to fellow strikers thierry henry , louis saha and karim benzema have seen trezeguet back in the fold ."
"but sherrie rosenblatt with the national turkey federation , says turkey producers are very careful about the way their birds are handled ."
"though many of lord of the rings nominations were in technical categories , the film also picked up nods for best director peter jackson , best supporting actor ian mckellen , best cinematography and best adapted screenplay ."
"falwell is survived by his wife , three children and eight grandchildren ."
"malibu mayor pamela conley ulich first contacted starr , now a law school dean at pepperdine university in malibu ."
ten other people were wounded in the attack .
"among the many small island nations in the caribbean , the asian rivals have long used economic investment to win votes at the united nations ."
it was gergiev s idea to take the world orchestra for peace to jerusalem this october .
"it is unacceptable that a single ngo is treating the vast majority of hiv patients in a crisis of this magnitude , the charity s operations manager joe belliveau , said in a press release ."
first reported wednesday that the couple would announce the split imminently .
"quebec city , quebec ap nato wants about 3 , 400 more trainers for the afghanistan army and police , and the united states may fill some of those jobs despite difficulties finding available troops , defense secretary robert gates said thursday ."
officials yesterday reported a third warning of terror attacks this time threatening to burn seoul and make it crumble if korean troops don t leave iraq .
laurel herter wishes she d canceled the college tour trip as soon as she heard the dismal forecast .
"justice department officials described it as a vast child exploitation enterprise that included graphic images , such as ones showing toddlers engaged in various sexual and sadistic acts ."
"he is not a killer , but the state of louisiana is determined to execute patrick kennedy for his crime ."
the ap s julie pace is covering the first washington meeting between barack obama and benjamin netanyahu
massive snowfalls wrecked crops and killed millions of livestock .
the post cited military data showing that suicide bombings increased 30 percent over the six weeks that ended in early april .
"seventh seed berdych , the man who famously beat roger federer in the 2004 athens olympics , will"
"according to the ministry of government administration and home affairs thursday , only 24 . 7 percent , or 147 , of government officials ranking at vice minister level or above saw their personal wealth decrease ."
we re live at the white house with ap correspondent sauger magoni .
"but they have begun to melt as the earth has warmed . the result is more dark sea water which absorbs heat , which in turn warms the earth more and encourages further melting ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"in guangzhou , hundreds of factory workers who had saved money all year to visit their families during china s lunar new year filled the city s train station , waiting for trains that were not expected to arrive for days ."
senate banking committee chairman christopher dodd says his panel is set to look into whether the money s being used to benefit taxpayers .
"particularly , he told cnn , when the topic turned to the watergate scandal ."
i m that kind of a person .
"there were power outages in lima , reuters reported , and people ran into the streets in panic as the tremor shook office buildings ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
southeast asian countries told myanmar barring pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi from elections because she once was married to a foreigner would be odd and not in keeping with the times .
"richey pleaded no contest to attempted involuntary manslaughter , child endangering ."
"he didn t win , but it led to a record deal with victor entertainment ."
"rogge s comments were his strongest yet on the growing political storm surrounding the games , underscoring rising"
"the first goal relates to writers jurisdiction in new media , verrone said , meaning that any content written by guild members specifically for new media , such as the internet or cell phones , will be covered by their contract ."
"the statue was stolen december 19 , eight days after madoff was arrested in new york on suspicion of operating a 50 billion ponzi scheme ."
"cheney noted the queen s last visit to jamestown , 50 years ago , for the 350th anniversary commemoration of its founding . half a century has done nothing to diminish the respect and affection this country holds for you ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
jennifer hudson to sing national anthem at super bowl
"nasa officials said they suspected the wing was damaged on liftoff , but felt there was no reason for concern ."
hawking had canceled an appearance at arizona state university on april 6 because of his illness .
reports say the abduction was foiled after the us intervened .
a woman who answered the phone at the court said she had no idea about the sentence and refused further comment .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
will prove not only that you re qualified for the job but that you also have an attention to detail .
"but this all has to happen under the umbrella of national will , the government and the law ."
draft likely to be reduced
have wealthy owners benefited english football ?
"then he sags in relief , because he s getting a break from lessons at a private tutorial center where he comes in the afternoons for even more of the dreaded english ."
"when edward and sophie married in 1999 , it was announced that their children would not bear the title of royal highness ."
"in the northern parts of manila , flooding was waist deep and evacuation centers were bracing for more arrivals ."
the chinese government has drawn international criticism for its crackdown last month on demonstrations to coincide with the 49th anniversary of a failed tibetan uprising .
so what if the guy threw his shoe at me ?
"it s been 700 years , and wall e is still at work ."
it s a most excellent outcome for keanu reeves
a first look at the sinjar records .
"video captured by celebrity news site tmz . com showed hilton inside the vehicle with her mother , kathy ."
rowling s four previous potter novels have sold more than 190 million copies in 55 languages and 200 countries .
"yet the industry still employs around 950 , 000 ."
a group of foreign teachers has started a move to form an association for native english speaking instructors to represent their interests and to play a bridging role between korean and non korean english teachers .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"but in terms of virgin tropical landscapes it is one of the wealthiest , says rombout swanborn , a dutch businessman and conservationist ."
"obama will do what s necessary to fix economy , aide says"
indian and pakistani officials signed an agreement wednesday to reduce the risk of accidentally triggering a nuclear war between the south asian rivals .
more than a million people are thought to have died during the four years of khmer rouge rule between 1975 79 .
their findings were published friday in the journal nature .
"the machines are slated for public debut today at a technology conference in carlsbad , california ."
"historic tempelhof airport which played a key role in the berlin airlift in the wake of world war ii will close to passengers in 2008 , germany s top administrative court confirmed tuesday ."
"what went on during that incident certainly caused tremendous chaos and panic in norris hall , flaherty said , describing how victims were found in four classrooms and in the stairwell of the school s engineering science and mechanics building ."
"the country s acting finance minister , patrick chinamasa , made the announcement in a government gazette released saturday ."
survivors told of being stranded by the surging waters .
"representatives for two north korean trading houses last week took , out in cash , part of the blacklisted 25 million from the banco delta asia , japan s influential asahi shimbun reported , citing unnamed sources ."
"it s for a few seconds and then we disappear and we never see each other in the movie , kingsley says ."
"a long time ally of bush , gonzales has worked with the president since his days as texas governor and was the country s first attorney general of hispanic descent ."
axelrod says the incoming administration s already working on plans to turn the economy around
running boy is a korean film about the trials and triumphs of an autistic athlete training to compete in a marathon .
"the taliban are brutal and should not be emboldened by this , the spokesman said ."
"we know that environmental pollutants have a very significant impact on children with asthma , said dr . avril beckford , a pediatrician in austell , georgia ."
"she chose the rai state television talk show , che tempo che fa , conducted by a longtime friend of the family , to speak publicly for the first time since the september 6 death of the great italian tenor ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"chasing its seventh straight french league title , lyon leads bordeaux by two points with two rounds remaining ."
officials in the bush administration said at the time they hoped the summit would lead to strengthening of the abbas government s infrastructure after the split between fatah and hamas .
a poultry cull is under way in van to try to contain the virus outbreak .
bfu s president borislav mihaylov said recently that the new coach would be chosen after consulting with the players .
another struck near a market area inside jaipur s walled city where tourists and locals frequent restaurants and shops .
"it was a different story across asia , as most markets rose ."
"alternative outdoor ads will not be hung in jerusalem and petah tikva , though the movie is heavily advertised on tv , the internet and in newspapers , barak said ."
"the bbc , quoting his aides , say south korea s incoming president wants to scrap the ministry handling relations with north korea ."
"clarence mitchell , the mccanns spokesman , said clearly , if these reports that the girl in the photograph isn t madeleine are true , it is disappointing news ."
john mccain says barack obama favors the socialistic approach by supporting tax cuts and tax credits .
"the study was done by sarah werning , a graduate student at the university of california , berkeley , and andrew lee , also a graduate student at berkeley when the work was done ."
"the skull is missing one tooth , which hirst initially replaced with a gold one and then decided to leave out ."
"with abortion becoming a major issue on the trip , the vatican released a transcript thursday that seemed to roll back the pope s comments a day earlier on the excommunication of lawmakers who vote in favor of legalizing abortion ."
"the display is generally visible at least every three days , he said ."
"it s a contract to make slothfulness more expensive , said karlan , who has personally put up to 50 , 000 at stake to help himself lose or maintain his weight ."
"on thursday , nato members decided not to allow georgia and ukraine to begin the process towards membership , recognizing strong objections from moscow ."
it also raises the possibility that scientists could use genome wide sequencing to re create an extinct creature .
"their wives even started a dress committee , to make sure the loser was appropriately attired , and their kids delighted in the prospect of seeing dad in a dress ."
clinton portrays whitewater partner jim mcdougall as an embittered man who threatened her several times when she tried to file overdue tax returns for the property .
"because the festival does not own its own cinema , it screens films in diverse venues like parks , theaters , clubs and bars ."
"mainichi shimbun criticized roh for inflexibility , while yomiuri shimbun said , roh has good reason to leave the matter to the world court if he is so self assured about the legitimacy of his country s stand in the dispute ."
"when asked about working with musharraf s government , zardari bhutto s widower said the coalition believes the new prime minister will be able to work with the office of the presidency in harmony ."
"people are coming back to see if there s another letter , if he s survived , to see what he s doing , bill lamin , a 59 year old schoolteacher , told the associated press from praa sands in cornwall , southwestern england . it captures people ."
"burmese state media reported military leader gen than shwe had agreed to meet ms suu kyi , but only if she ended calls for international sanctions on burma ."
"some 730 cars were burned nationwide sunday night and 592 people arrested , police said ."
upton s former principal creig tyler remembered her as a well rounded student .
"foreigners with permanent residency here will cast ballots in the upcoming local elections in may , exercising their voting rights for the first time to elect governors , mayors and council members ."
bhutto s return angered some sectors in pakistan because she was a female head of state who is perceived as being aligned with the united states .
"washington has accused the islamic movement of harboring fugitives from the al qaeda terrorist network , including a suspect in the 1998 bombings of u . s . embassies in kenya and tanzania ."
"there s no chance of getting hold of a ringside tickets , but you can pick up a standing ticket for about 500 4 . 70 ."
"no casualties were immediately reported , but rescue teams were on standby , forest official mozharul islam said in khulna ."
he said many of the homeless were staying with friends or family or at mosques and government buildings .
there have been sharp exchanges in the us house of representatives at the start of a marathon debate on iraq .
"tens of thousands of georgians began protesting against saakashvili last friday , seeking to oust him ."
she set out to defend herself and pavarotti against a series of italian media reports alleging that pavarotti had left her 26 million in debt
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"authorities said they cannot yet estimate how much damage the storm caused , but several roads need to be cleared and some bridges were damaged ."
this is the second such incident involving korean workers in the area .
it s banning the sales to help protect african and asian elephants .
twenty others people were killed in pre election violence .
"the white house is planning a major announcement this week involving two complaints to the world trade organization accusing china of unfair trade practices , two senior administration officials said sunday ."
the us indicated the north s required declaration of its nuclear activities may not contain everything about past programmes and may not be made public .
"but for many people , this medication loses its effectiveness over time , while the side effects"
the seoul metropolitan government sued mbc television seeking 1 . 4 billion won .
a british teacher who was jailed over the naming of a teddy bear said tuesday that she got a bit more than i bargained for during her stint in sudan .
south korea scored 5 . 1 and ranked 25th out of 30 oecd member countries .
the state has 21 electoral votes .
"moscow , russia cnn a russian man who said he wanted to record a killing for each of the 64 squares on a chessboard was found guilty wednesday of murdering 48 people in moscow ."
"as leaders , said the iraqi president to his u . s . counterpart , why don t we use this opportunity ?"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
a u . s . military statement said the casualty toll was 20 dead and 80 wounded .
"the chinese government is creating a forest belt stretching 2 , 800 miles 4 , 500 kilometers to block the advancing sands of the gobi desert and diminish the effect of the sandstorms ."
"a unesco world heritage site , the park is home to freshwater lakes , rivers , mountain pools and numerous signs of the volcanic activity lurking beneath the island s surface especially the boiling lake , a volcanic fumerole flooded with roiling , boiling water heated by the molten lava beneath ."
iraqi network journalist throws shoes at bush in baghdad
"her statement was read to reporters in singapore by un special envoy ibrahim gambari , who has just completed a six day visit to burma his second since protests were suppressed in september ."
"kang in shik , head of the usfk korean employees union , announced the decision in a telephone interview with the chosun ilbo on sunday ."
"perhaps our traditional homes were sturdy enough to survive the quake , said masayuki murozuka , an ishikawa official . i think it was also fortunate that the quake hit in midmorning so most people were fully awake , perhaps even finished breakfast by then ."
"german authorities have seen the body of a german hostage who died in captivity in afghanistan and his body has gunshot wounds , germany s foreign ministry said on sunday ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"pkk spokesman abdul rahman al chadarchi confirmed the attack and said the rebel fighters sustained no casualties , according to a report from the associated press ."
"the first man , who does not appear to identify himself , points to where the crew was when we were seized ."
"the korea times reports only one justice , chun hyo sook , dismissed the petition ."
some 160 people were injured .
"the leaders now must try to heal a divided nation , as well as restore one of africa s most promising economies ."
you saw that little american girl u . s . assistant secretary of state for african affairs jendayi frazer trotting around the globe like a prostitute . . .
"the 83 year old former president was on the fourth day of a nine day study mission to the middle east as part of his ongoing effort to support peace , democracy and human rights in the region , according to the carter center s web site ."
"we re getting very strong winds and also getting rain , so that could be problematic relative to even uh , adding more issues to us ."
"sometimes i wake up at midnight and dream of my patients . women who come in are hiv positive they have three children at home and the husband has passed away and we cannot provide any treatment for them , a doctor quoted in the research said ."
i express the very deepest condolences to the family of the deceased on whose shoulders rest major events for the good of the country and serious mistakes . a tragic fate .
he was declared legally dead nine years later .
"she said the quake happened in yutian county , a remote region in the kunlun mountains far from any residential areas ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
north korea is thought to have prepared a taepodong 2 missile for launch .
"president nicolas sarkozy s rightest party has won a majority in parliamentary elections in france , according to early poll projections ."
"however , the boy bled to death half an hour after the attack , added rudiharto ."
the hearing began on sunday .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
bush called the ideas innovative but said the u . s . still wants to anchor the defense in poland and the czech republic .
"despite his demeanor , the fifth term lawmaker , as the president s brother , cannot avoid criticism that he played a role in the candidate selection fiasco , she said ."
"after the shooting at northern illinois university last week , students on campuses across the country are wondering whether they are safe ."
"australian doctors and counselors would also travel to indonesia , while indonesia s government had also been offered australian police disaster identification experts , howard said ."
acting president goh kun said wednesday that south korea will push ahead with its troops dispatch .
the ap s bryant thomas in washington reports there s no shortage of advice on how to rescue detroit
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"us and the iraqi troops have killed 30 suspected shia militants during heavy clashes in the southern iraqi city of diwaniya , the us military has said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the attorney general added that the policeman received injuries after being attacked with bricks and iron pipes .
"in life , fbi informant earnest gilbert so feared his fellow ku klux klansmen that he never had the courage to testify about the 1964 killings of two black teenagers . in death , his voice is finally being heard in a courtroom ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"prosecutors issued arrest warrants tuesday for eight former prison employees accused of abusing inmates , including forcing some to clean toilets with their tongues ."
copenhagen s famed little mermaid statue was found doused with red paint after hundreds of black clad youths clashed with police in copenhagen tuesday .
what happens if an automaker goes bankrupt ?
"south korea s constitutional court on thursday ruled two anti communist clauses of the national security law are constitutional , in a decision that may further fuel a controversy over the vaguely worded sections ."
"if convicted , pichushkin faces life in prison ."
"she said there were three eta suspects two men whom authorities believe are responsible for the shooting , and a woman ."
"turkey and cornbread dressing , and a cranberry dessert and candied yams , and green bean casserole ."
the assessment reversed a 2005 report that found the islamic republic was determined to develop nuclear weapons despite its international obligations and international pressure .
"the site of the fire was less than a mile from stratford international , a station serving the eurostar train ."
wayne rooney scored twice following his introduction as a late substitute as manchester united booked a club world cup final meeting with liga de quito on sunday by beating gamba osaka 5 3 in a thrilling semifinal in yokohama .
"before bush s visit , lula said the tariff was unfair and that he would press bush to try to get the u . s . congress to repeal it ."
president thabo mbeki has admitted that his government failed to plan properly after being warned about possible shortages years ago .
"hundreds of armed members of saddam s baath party were hunkered down in the capital , waiting for the united states to unleash its full might , but there was no indication of when that might happen ."
"al maliki expressed his concerns to gen . david petraeus over iraqi reports that 10 to 15 civilians were killed in the raid , spokesman ali al dabbagh told cnn s late edition ."
"that s why oil prices are rising despite opec s decision on tuesday to boost crude production by 500 , 000 barrels per day this fall , analysts said ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
karr was not handcuffed on the flight and took a glass of champagne in his business class seat .
cnn s richard quest said passengers with baggage were no longer being checked in as the airport s terminal 5 should have been entering one of the busiest periods of the day .
washington s already grinding commute could grind to a halt during president elect barack obama s inauguration .
"the possibility of achieving normalization of the iwc is also being lost , morimoto said ."
recent intelligence reports from washington suggest pyongyang may conduct another nuclear test in protest against the united nations security council resolution passed after its first test on oct .
the obamas are scheduled to spend twelve days in hawaii .
"speaking at a faa nasa industry airport planning workshop in 2006 , evans suggested that pilots of the future could fly without hands and from the comfort of their own home using brain machine interfaces , in which the human brain actually exchanges electronic signals with a computer ."
the network identified the donor only as lisa .
"pelosi , d california , said either candidate would be a great president ."
"he travels in armored lexuses and bmws , he says , for his safety ."
casinos such as the wynn and sands have already helped this southern coastal chinese city surpass the las vegas strip as the world s most lucrative gambling center .
"to save cargo space , the spare tire is stored within a patented rear door ."
president supports for prof .
"hawking , the best selling author of a brief history of time , was joined by other public figures ."
"and even if you make what used to be considered good wages , they don t cover the increase in costs , in everything from energy to health care ."
"cnn the united nations is establishing a task force to address the global food crisis , which is increasingly resulting in social tension , the world body said tuesday ."
"stiles was driving a white buick century without a license plate , police said ."
"it is too early to determine root cause at this time , but rim does have a team addressing this issue in order to define the problem and prevent it in the future , the company said in a statement ."
"earlier sunday , two suicide car bombers attacked a police station sunday in western baghdad , killing at least 13 people and wounding 82 , police said ."
"indonesia , the world s largest archipelago , is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanos and fault lines encircling the pacific basin ."
ak party sources told reuters that gul would visit opposition party leaders on tuesday to try to garner support for his bid .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the caretaker , whose name was not released by authorities , was found dead on the front lawn of rhames gated home in an expensive brentwood neighborhood , covered in dog bites , a los angeles police spokesman said ."
the introduction of the electronic system for travel authorization esta means visitors from 27 vwp countries
"earlier , the dow lost more than 200 points to plunge to a session low at 13 , 057 . 86 ."
the government will hold pilot english tests aimed to replace globally recognized exams such as the toefl and toeic .
"according to officials at the ministry of finance and economy , prime minister han duck soo has instructed the government agencies to consider listing shares of healthy and strong state invested enterprises ."
"australia s politicians have begun their general election campaigns , after prime minister john howard set a 24th november date ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"south korean officials said monday they have killed all poultry in seoul , the capital , to curb the spread of bird flu following a new outbreak of the disease in the city ."
the fed lowered its economic growth forecast for the year .
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3128436 beijing , china cnn human error was to blame for china s worst train accident in more than a decade , china s official news agency reported ."
"baby manjhi and her grandmother flew to osaka , japan , from the indian capital , new delhi , saturday night , said family friend , kamal vijay vargiya ."
lightning strikes on grid equipment due to scattered desert thunderstorms also were adding to the strain .
television footage showed blood at the scene of the bombing and several people lying motionless on the ground .
"more than a month after the elections , results from the presidential race have not been announced ."
"the bank of japan kept its key interest rate unchanged at 0 . 5 percent at its policy meeting earlier this month , still the lowest rate among major industrialized countries ."
south koreans have protested regularly since april when the government announced it would resume importing beef from the united states after a five year ban .
"ronaldo and the 19 year old fabregas are also amongst the nominations for the young player of the year award , alongside rooney , the winner of that honor for the last two seasons ."
"the initial response by turkish forces was to hit back by killing 32 rebels from the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , in southern turkey , according to a statement on an official government web site ."
"thirty percent of those questioned favored the war , while 68 percent opposed it ."
roh and kim will announce a joint declaration this morning to sum up the three day summit .
"more tourism , more deterioration ."
"each plant would cost up to 1 . 7 billion and take up to 11 years to construct , he told reporters during a news conference at his office ."
living in a cage in hong kong
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"in january , president bush signed an executive order increasing the salary for the secretary of state and other cabinet positions by 4 , 700 ."
"the number of korean students studying in the united states neared 100 , 000 in 2006 , a 14 . 8 percent increase from the previous year , according to a recent report released by the u . s . immigration office ."
"providing some hope in the midst of horror , rescuers pulled a student from the debris of beichuan middle school , 80 hours after the quake collapsed the building , china s xinhua news agency reported ."
"segolene royal , the socialist who lost her presidential race against sarkozy last spring , said france was punishing sarkozy for the rising cost of living and meager increases in pensions , among other issues ."
"he said because they were eating coal , and were in the mine for nearly six days , they did not defecate ."
"howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation ."
"public health officials expect the number of cases to peak this summer , since the disease thrives in warm weather ."
"they re still there , and they re still looking for bodies , journalist manesh shrestha told cnn from nepal s capital , kathmandu ."
they work on hearts as well as on minds .
"olmert and abbas said they would tell negotiating teams to conduct direct and ongoing negotiations on all final status and core issues , the prime minister s office said ."
"in 1999 , scientists at the university of alabama at birmingham traced the origins of hiv back to a subspecies of chimpanzee ."
"shevell , estranged wife of prominent nassau county lawyer bruce a . blakeman , has a home in the long island resort , as does the former beatle ."
"alternatively , hire a taxi for the day ."
"discovery , the space shuttle , comes back safely ."
"if the taxi limousine commission abandons the gps part of the plan , then there s room to sit down and talk , said , executive director of the new york taxi workers alliance , which counts more than 8 , 400 members ."
"the maoists , formally known as the communist party of nepal , are also leading in 58 of the 110 constituencies where counting continues , according to reports in the state run radio nepal ."
iraq s former interim prime minister accused prime minister nuri al maliki of fomenting sectarian violence plaguing the war ravaged nation .
"according to who , five samples have tested positive for ebola . about 40 more samples are pending ."
"bowling in altoona , getting on buses and going around to different parts of the state including harrisburg . . . you have a feeling that the crescendo is starting to build , he said ."
israeli leaders say they are trying to minimize civilian casualties in gaza .
police officials declined to comment except to say they would issue a statement later in the day .
"in a separate attack , the idf said it launched an airstrike on an armed militant in gaza , but no one was hit ."
the ap s jon gambrell says phillip sherman is upset at what was on the phone made it onto the internet
"since the late 1990s , chinese investments in the southern african nation have soared and now total 500 million the third largest after those of south africa and britain ."
"president lee myung bak encouraged american ceos to invest more in korea , wednesday , but chose not to answer when they asked him about his stance on lone star funds ."
i saw that they threw spray .
"people in places like nepal , he said , no more asked to live in poverty than new zealanders were responsible for their affluence ."
he earlier said that some competitions might have to be moved if continuing efforts by organizers to clean up the city s notoriously smoggy air were unsuccessful .
"according to the bank of korea bok , it posted a deficit of 444 . 7 billion won us 464 . 4 million last year , down 1 . 76 trillion won from a year earlier ."
"but , the government says , there will be no relocation for families like hanso devi s because they do not meet relocation requirements ."
"i do know it s biological , mediated by melatonin ."
"he was placed in an ambulance and taken to the hospital , as temperatures soared into the mid 30s c 90s f ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the yi dynasty crumbled during the reign of yi seok s grandfather , king kojong , when great nations jockeyed for control of korea ."
"the seattle based coffee chain began offering their holiday theme drinks , like the gingersnap latte and peppermint mocha twist yesterday ."
that adaptability worries scientists .
"his trial last week took two hours , and his lawyers were arrested before it ."
xinhua said yin has predicted unemployment will rise in the first quarter of 2009 .
"so far , the chief invaders of castello di amorosa castle of love have been tourists and wine lovers , eager to get a look at the 13th century style tuscan castle that sits on diamond mountain , just south of calistoga on highway 29 ."
still looking for full match fitness after a long term knee injury suffered at last year s world cup and scored his first england goal since a friendly win over jamaica in june 2006 .
"senior government officials had pledged to take action on the won if necessary , but analysts said the change yesterday was too great to be considered merely the result of talking up the currency s value or dollar selling by exporters ."
"to that end , investors are pricing in a 92 percent chance that the fed will lower rates by a half point on jan . 30 , according to federal funds futures listed on the chicago board of trade ."
"katanga is not yet charged with the alleged crimes , and monday s session does not mark the start of his trial ."
"i m always finishing films and looking forward to seeing them , and i know bernie didn t see this movie ."
this material may not be published .
"these children are highly vulnerable to hunger , disease and the disruption of their normal lives and protective social systems , and require urgent lifesaving assistance to survive , the u . n . said in a statement ."
"as many as 121 army soldiers committed suicide in 2007 , a jump of more than 20 percent over the year before , officials said thursday ."
"the train dragged the bus to the bridge , where the bus fell ."
"cloran fined stallone 2 , 500 and ordered him to pay 8 , 200 in prosecution costs ."
"sen . barack obama in a speech tuesday addressed the controversy surrounding his former minister , using it as an opportunity to challenge americans to take a closer look at race relations ."
"in sudan s darfur region , where violence and genocide are rampant , women risk their lives every day performing tasks as seemingly mundane as seeking out firewood ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the rebels told afghan authorities to trade taliban prisoners for the hostages by 7 pm local time .
"under the agreement , north korea will shut down its yongbyon reactor and allow the iaea back into the country to monitor the process ."
it s now back over open water with reduced winds of 80 miles an hour .
"under pennsylvania law , teens face penalties only for buying tobacco products including up to 75 hours community services , a 250 fine , and suspension of their driver s licenses for up to 30 days , state health department spokesman richard mcgarvey said ."
even you in uniform are my brothers .
cadillac rides smoothly
"replacements of the unification and environment minister nominees will be announced later this week , presidential spokesperson lee dong kwan said ."
"she rejected a marketing assistant position paying about california s 8 an hour minimum wage , because the pay was too low ."
"the hwaseong plant , which represents 42 percent of kia s total output , stopped operations after about 400 workers , including parts suppliers dispatched to work in the plant , occupied the painting and polishing lines ."
"washington ap ice covered greenland really was green a half million or so years ago , covered with forests in a climate much like that of sweden and eastern canada today ."
"vershbow apparently ignoring the american principle of innocence until proven guilty was speaking to ohmynews , an internet news site , on tuesday the interview was published yesterday ."
"and if a situation is really making you uncomfortable , talk to the parties involved about how it makes you feel ."
"in gangwon province , the chuncheon city crematorium recently raised the temperature at its two incinerators to 1 , 200 degrees centigrade 2 , 192 fahrenheit ."
"liverpool , who won the tournament in 2005 and lost in the final last year , advanced with a 3 0 aggregate after winning 2 0 at anfield in the first leg three weeks ago ."
a white house statement said north korea may have assisted syria s nuclear activities .
"the candidates spent nearly half of the debate , hosted by abc news , tilting over flare ups that have been fodder for journalists , partisans and pundits for the past few weeks ."
the national assembly is set to vote today on the nomination of prime minister designate han seung soo with the major opposition party appearing to have softened its opposition after the resignation of three scandal tainted ministers designate .
simpson said his friends helped him carry the items from the room .
"former president bill clinton said that democrats were more likely to lose in november if hillary clinton is not the nominee , and suggested some were trying to push and pressure and bully superdelegates to make up their minds prematurely ."
"this is how researchers created dolly the sheep , the first mammal to be cloned from an adult animal ."
"in another posting , irna called the updated estimate a necessary and positive step in tehran washington relations , but undoubtedly is not sufficient ."
"earth hour , highlighting the threat of climate change"
roh didn t elaborate what conditions the north would have to meet to be allowed to use the civilian atomic program .
cubatobaco works with altadis of spain and markets in 120 countries . sales in 2006 rose almost 10 percent to 370 million .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"after police spoke to cho , they received a call from a student concerned that he might be suicidal ."
"obama , speaking at a news conference , also announced the nomination of gary gensler to serve on the u . s . commodity futures trading commission and dan tarullo to fill one of the vacancies on the federal reserve board ."
"a new picnic shelter has been built , from wood hauled up to the site by foot , just before the trail s final section ."
"bartz sits on the board of intel corp . , cisco systems , netapp and the foundation for the national medals of science and technology ."
"under that agreement , two light water reactors lwrs were to be built by an international consortium ."
"australian police had posted a a 1 million 833 , 000 reward for information leading to his arrest ."
"the impeachment panel was urged to issue the subpoenas last week in a letter from blagojevich s attorney , ed genson ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the word is out heart disease isn t a man s issue .
"the national election commission ruled wednesday that the president violated article 9 of the election law , which requires government officials to maintain political neutrality and refrain from making any comments that could influence voters ."
"asked if he felt it was inconsistent with democracy to continue a dynasty , he said it was up to the pakistani voters to decide ."
"it was never our intention to offend anyone in the making of this game , and we would like to apologize unreservedly to them for causing that offense , and to all parts of the wider community who we might also have offended , sony computer entertainment europe president david a . reeves said in the apology ."
"we overcame all those terrorists who were willing to destroy our country , prime minister fouad siniora said in a televised address to the nation ."
"hussein chalayan , twice british designer of the year , has used his shows to experiment with dresses that glow with built in leds or emit spectacular red lasers ."
"obama also mentioned plans to rework health care , which he says is key to the economic recovery ."
"it is not focused on commercial ends , but on providing a service to the communities which have never enjoyed a modern communication system , he said , according to the bolivarian news agency ."
"the democratic presidential candidate left the campaign trail on october 23 and flew to honolulu , hawaii , to spend the day with dunham , whose health deteriorated after she suffered a broken hip ."
"in the latest version , clinton is cast as big brother , and excerpts of her speeches mesmerize a uniform , catatonic audience ."
this is a blessing from god .
zimbabwe s opposition leader and a government minister have denied reports that a deal has been reached for president robert mugabe to step down .
"two children were injured in the panic , but there was no damage to that school , she said ."
"according to a probable cause affidavit , he said the movement caused the suv to become tippy and he lost control of it ."
he also called on american troops and met with high iraqi leaders .
"this meeting has been adjourned , mccormack said . it did not achieve the goal of an agreed among the six verification protocol ."
"the project s web site http www . project10tothe100 . com suggested that successful ideas address such critical issues as providing food and shelter , building communities , improving health , granting more access to education , sustaining the global ecosystem and promoting clean energy ."
"the 39 year old wong is the richest person in mainland china , worth an estimated 6 . 3 billion , according to the 2008 china rich list , which is compiled by the hurun institute ."
"a baby was found alive by rescuers after spending four days in a pool of mud following flash floods that killed at least 41 people in central algeria last week , a local official said sunday ."
"his property was included in an apartment development plan in 1998 , and he expected to receive around 400 million won ."
"if someone has any information , they should have passed that on to us , he said ."
"footage of hussein s december 30 execution , filmed on a mobile phone and showing the former iraqi leader being taunted just before he was hanged , was leaked to the media and shown across the world ."
"it was an emotional final performance for the musical , which closed on may 18 after more than 16 years and 6 , 680 performances , second only to cats , broadway s longest running show ."
"the car , which was traveling on a divided highway , crossed over the median strip , crashed down an embankment and then ran about 70 yards across open ground until it hit an earth banking , where it came to rest ."
he two koreas agreed to resume bilateral talks for the first time in seven months following the agreement in beijing on steps toward the nuclear disarmament of north korea .
it claims that children are approached in public places by military recruiters and civilian brokers who have been promised cash rewards by the military .
the statement said motari received the punishment for his role in the episode which generated international attention .
"a really special year for me , said shin , who isn t even a full fledged member of the lpga tour yet"
"los angeles , california cnn with her 18th chart topper touch my body , mariah carey has passed elvis presley for the most no . 1 singles on the billboard hot 100 , and is now second only to the beatles ."
"judiciary spokesman alireza jamshidi on tuesday told reporters about the stonings , which took place in the northeastern city of mashhad about 20 days ago , the reports said ."
"the combat force in iraq we would have home by around the middle of next year , rudd told australian radio ."
"zardari and his son were speaking at a news conference after a meeting of the ppp leadership in naudero , near larkana in southern pakistan ."
"then , they asked teenagers how frequently they watched each of those shows , and developed a score based on exposure to the shows ."
bush heads to camp david today for the weekend .
"unlike laws , which require months to complete and the consent of congress , presidents can use their executive authority to order federal agencies to implement current policies . much of what a president does , he really has to do with the congress"
"then , the software automatically eliminates these pages from the print job ."
yet we can have confidence in the outcome because we ve seen freedom s power to transform societies .
"jang sung min , president of the world and northeast asia peace forum , quoted well informed diplomatic sources in china as saying that the north feels anxious about world media reports that describe the nuclear test as all but imminent ."
russia s new u . n . ambassador andrey denisov pledged to work for unity on the security council as it addresses iraq and other issues that once bitterly divided the 15 member group .
"more than 18 , 000 people stripped down and bared it all in mexico city s vast main square sunday for u . s . photographer spencer tunick s biggest nude shoot yet ."
one source told the times that some officials expressed vigorous sentiment for destroying the tapes .
"the actual building of the product was about 80 to 90 percent done at startup weekend , brown said ."
"blasphemy is punishable with 40 lashes under islamic sharia law , britain s press association news agency reported ."
the poll of polls is an average of the latest state surveys .
he said additional security measures have been put in place in the city .
"we must begin to develop a comprehensive plan for our country s gradual military disengagement from iraq and a corresponding increase in responsibility to the iraqi government and its regional neighbors , he wrote . watch gop senators defect on iraq"
"that may be so , but the band still wants an apology ."
scientists were not sure how long the methane has been on the planet .
"rice noted that she had been serving as president george w . bush s national security adviser during the period covered by the panel s questions , and stressed the administration s position that presidential aides not confirmed by the senate cannot be forced to testify before congress under the doctrine of executive privilege ."
"to hear norm ornstein tell it , we re lucky to have president barack obama ."
"the taliban leadership decided to delay releasing the two female hostages from sunday to monday , the source told the korea times ."
"who defines primary health care as being universally accessible to individuals and families in the community by means acceptable to them , through their full participation and at a cost that the community and country can afford ."
president elect barack obama said tuesday that it is disappointing that illinois gov . rod blagojevich ignored warnings from senate democrats about appointing a successor to his senate seat .
"the result is a city that has repeatedly been forced to rebuild , shedding its past with each successive redevelopment ."
"the president acknowledges it ll be a tough vote , and hinted even if the bill passes , more may need to be done ."
that followed a 1 . 7 gain in regular trading .
"the 9 , 176 foot snowcapped volcano on new zealand s north island put on a stunning display before dawn , shooting red hot rocks , glowing ash and debris thousands of feet into the air ."
turkey has threatened such action after congressional moves to declare that the killing of armenians by ottoman turks in world war i was genocide .
oil analyst tom kloza on tuesday called mccain s proposal a quick fix for people who believe cheap gas is their birthright . it s not a prudent thing to do .
he was responsible for the design of some of the most successful cars in formula 1 history and created the iconic mclaren f1 supercar .
korea to double african aid by . . .
it s midweek of super bowl 43 and two question marks remain
"fonda , who lives in atlanta , georgia , is active in many social causes , particularly through the georgia campaign for adolescent pregnancy prevention , an organization she founded in 1995 ."
but the cold snap is hampering travel plans .
"chiapas police have thrown animals in the slammer before , including a bull that devoured corn crops and destroyed two wooden vending stands in march ."
a taleban spokesman on sunday said the group had extended the deadline for negotiations for 24 hours for their demands to be met .
the south korean navy was ordered not to patrol above the line .
"the finance ministers were in shock , almost in panic this weekend , he said on cnn s american morning , in a reference to top economic officials who gathered in washington . there are riots all over the world in the poor countries . . . and , of course , our own poor are feeling it in the united states ."
"emory university anthropology professor bruce knauft , who lived in a village in the western province of papua new guinea in the early 1980s , traced family histories for 42 years and found that one in three adult deaths were homicides"
"you ve really taken away the age of innocence , said dr . michael wasserman , a pediatrician with the ochsner clinic in metairie , louisiana , who was not involved in the study ."
but analysts say noticeable changes won t occur until 2007 or 2008 as korean companies still enjoy a solid technological leadership .
she said the president s eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well .
"the former head of the u . s . federal reserve has said that the u . s . is in the midst of a credit tsunami , but that it will emerge from the credit crisis with a far sounder financial system ."
"william mcnary , president of u . s . action , also says the money would be better spent on helping the victims of hurricane katrina ."
"asha , 26 , was picked up late saturday on a motorway in the cheshire area of northern england , a source said ."
we think that the announcement that some troops will be withdrawn has made people more determined to join the demonstration .
"the pop star spent an hour in court in the southern african nation today , as she tries to adopt the girl ."
"communist china is to expand the use of lethal injections to replace execution by shooting , a senior official has said ."
"the global times , a newspaper published by the communist party mouthpiece china daily , said the raid on 27 january was the largest of its kind in over a year ."
"though , it can t be forgotten that even these talents may find it difficult in the face of one of football s most expensive teams ."
"the yucatan peninsula had to weather whipping winds and torrential rain , but no deaths have been reported from the storm ."
"the fighting erupted as troops went in to arrest a militant responsible for earlier killings , they said ."
"al maliki s political party , dawa , claimed responsibility for the kuwait bombings at the time but now disavows them ."
"may s toll was a significant decrease from april , when 50 were killed the highest monthly figure since september ."
"the letter faxed to u . s . house of representatives speaker nancy pelosi asking for congress to intervene to ensure that former kangaroo skinner david hicks is not tried by a military commission at the u . s . naval base in cuba was signed by 96 senators and members of the australian house of representatives , opposition parties said ."
galyani s passing came after the 80 year old king himself recovered from the symptoms of a stroke after being hospitalized for three weeks in october .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the interior ministry did not say the militants would fly aircraft into oil refineries , but it said in a statement that some detainees had been sent to other countries to study flying in preparation for using them to carry out terrorist attacks inside the kingdom , according to ap ."
they want dickens to be thought of as fun .
she sometimes refers to obama as that young man .
"all were believed by health officials to have contracted the amoeba from swimming in warm , freshwater lakes , rivers or natural springs ."
"fears over pakistan s stability were raised last week when a suicide bombing in karachi , targetting a convoy carrying former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto ."
"i want them to understand from me on behalf of the government how extremely disappointed , even distressed , millions of australians will be at the release of abu bakar ba asyir , he said ."
north korea demanded yesterday that south korea halt its joint military drills with the united states .
the president has said that he will now step down as a head of the army .
"the main lines of the image are clear , not ragged they were made by confident , unbroken movements , hizri amirkhanov and sergey lev write ."
"the draft calls for the opening of corridors to allow humanitarian aid into gaza , where food , water , electricity and medicine shortages have worsened already poor conditions since israel s offensive in gaza began ."
"it said an apache helicopter crew observed some military aged males planting a roadside bombing in the samarra area and engaged the emplacers , who fled into a house ."
whose showy brand of justice has raised charges of discrimination and civil rights abuses while making him a hero among fans of his tough on crime attitudes
"in the brief time they were there they found only one five member group outside of the park and vulnerable to crossfire , wildlifedirect said ."
"as you drive along the main road from reykjavik to iceland s most famous tourist attractions , the geysers , you pass a rather non descript farm in laugarvatn ."
"and betina joteva , spokesperson of the bulgarian permanent representation to the eu , said in comments reported by euobserver . com it the work is preposterous , a disgrace . it is a humiliation for the bulgarian nation and an offence to our national dignity ."
"east timor , should he step down ?"
"ten years out , everyone will be using a flat panel screen , typically 18 inches diagonally , but it will sport a built in digital camera for full motion videoconferencing ."
"for the first time , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke acknowledged last week that a recession was possible ."
"pakistani officials say thousands of people have fled fighting in pakistan s swat valley in recent days , many of them packed into hastily erected camps supported by the un and the authorities ."
they were given search tasks such as finding out how to choose a car or looking up the benefits of eating chocolate or drinking coffee .
"after a smile and a wave from the president and his wife michelle , it was on to a helicopter for the flight into london and an overnight stay in the us ambassador s residence in regent s park ."
"summit entertainment , a u . s . movie production company that has released hit movies in the past , has signed a deal with prime entertainment for the rights for seven days ."
"the skin tones of leonardo s model appear as a warm pink and the sky behind her is a glowing blue , far different from the gray green tint that covers the artwork today ."
"he had no idea what to give his father , the evangelist billy graham , for his 90th birthday on friday ."
"with rooney , louis saha and ole gunnar solksjaer missing injured and cristiano ronaldo starting a three match suspension , ferguson had little option but to ask carlos tevez to operate as a lone striker ."
"he resigned and the gnp will take stiffer measures against violators of the election law , cho told reporters ."
"i believe that a combination between microsoft and yahoo is by far the most sensible path for both companies , icahn wrote ."
it wasn t a good second set for sure but there was nothing i could change .
but i am committed to selling and moving on and making a fresh start .
"more than 4 , 000 others have been injured , they said ."
"just last week , bank of korea chief park seung called it the biggest peril to the country s economy ."
"thailand s parliament chose a prime minister elect on monday , according to thai television ."
usaid said that it generally agreed with the report s recommendation for a comprehensive plan but that work in the tribal areas should be guided by the pakistani government s own fata sustainable development plan from 2006 .
"al rubaie is a member of the shiite parliamentary bloc , which has close ties to iran ."
"she has played six other men s events , making only one cut in south korea ."
"equus , directed by thea sharrock , opens at london s gielgud theater on february 27 ."
"when the 9 1 1 operator asks , what s your emergency ?"
"tim , we re told a list is circulating at the summit with nearly 50 items in all that would improve market regulation , opening up to scrutiny some of the complex financial instruments behind the current crisis ."
"lindsey who was the commander of nowak s shuttle flight last year assured the judge that nowak , who is on active duty , would not have contact with shipman or have any need to travel to patrick air force base , where shipman works , or nearby kennedy space center on florida s atlantic coast ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"he said he had authorized intelligence gathering in the wake of 9 11 , adding that the activities were lawful ."
"the numbers come in a letter to rep . john spratt , chairman of the house budget committee , in response to a request from spratt s office ."
"north korea will resume the process of dismantling its nuclear reactor on tuesday , the international atomic energy agency announced ."
"al qaeda islamic maghreb is formerly known as the salafist group for preaching and combat , a militant islamic group waging war to overthrow the algerian government ."
"i m very concerned with the international situation and what s happening in tibet , rogge said on monday in beijing ."
"mills mccartney was also asked in the bbc interview if she feared for her life and she replied , yes i do , yes i do ."
the un has launched a 150m 81m aid appeal for strife torn lebanon and the us has announced its own 30 million package to ease the suffering of civilians .
somchai had to fly into chiang mai upon his return from last week s asia pacific economic cooperation summit in peru because of the disturbances at the suvarnabhumi and don muang airports .
"we re currently conducting a major review of the superjumbo program , enders said at the opening of an airbus material and logistics center in dubai , headquarters of a380 customer emirates airlines ."
"here life is so removed from the lure of cities that the boys have no choice but to study there is nothing else to do , says hwang min ho , an instructor who carries a short , black baton as a symbol of discipline ."
"the 1 . 44mb floppy might survive longer than we think , but by 2010 the traditional floppy , superfloppies such as the zip , and even cd burners will disappear as dvd burners become stock items ."
"when the baby s mother realized what had happened , she ran outside and grabbed the girl from harrell ."
"furthermore , they take advantage of this knowledge ."
"marcello lippi , who mastermined italy s 2006 world cup triumph , compatriot fabio capello , the former real madrid coach , have made it known they would like to take charge of england ."
"the labor department says employers cut another 524 , 000 jobs last month , a bit less than economist expected , but the unemployment rate jumped from 6 . 7 in november to 7 . 2 in december , the highest in almost 16 years ."
"the action , which was also reported yesterday by major japanese news organizations and foreign media , marks the first time that japan has barred the import of korean made electronics , korea s major export item ."
"korea s largest businesses want the government to change the rules to keep overseas funds from taking over , saying the nation s drive to improve management since the asian financial crisis has left companies vulnerable ."
the quick turnaround comes only days after the united states removed north korea from its list of states that sponsor terrorism .
"google s new public health initiative , google flu trends , looks at the relative popularity of a slew of flu related search terms to determine where in the u . s . flu outbreaks may be occurring . what s exciting about flu trends is that it lets anybody"
"now seven , the girl was found friday with family in las vegas after thousands of tips poured in to police , thanks to an appeal by police to the news media to show the girl s picture ."
he had never been to film school and had never been taught to use a camera .
"the benchmark s p asx200 index fell 166 . 8 points , or 2 . 99 percent , to 5405 . 3 points in the first 10 minutes of trade , while the broader all ordinaries index lost 158 . 3 points or 2 . 79 percent to 5516 . 4 ."
"putin addressed a myriad of reporters questions 100 in all at the annual presidential news conference , his final one before his term ends ."
and a possible flaw in the metal foil for electrodes .
"lee kang gil , a spokesman for the prime minister s office , said yesterday that the government would use 5 million from its own budget , while the rest would come from donations from the private sector ."
"if the united states slips into recession , americans may buy fewer goods , especially those from overseas ."
that would be a low orbit test flight . but that goal was pushed back to 2014 when nasa had to raid the orion development fund to fill in a 3 billion shortfall for finishing space station construction and ending the shuttle program .
"london , england dubai said on monday it had agreed to buy the queen elizabeth 2 for 100 million and turn the famous cruise ship into a floating hotel and museum to draw tourists to one of the gulf emirate s man made islands ."
the woman was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison for violating the kingdom s strict islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man before the rape .
"the streets of paris were already filled with traffic and pedestrians as commuters , unable to take the trains , resorted to other means to get to work ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"he refused the part , complaining it belittled his countrymen ."
"a suspected car bomb struck a united nations peacekeeping patrol sunday in southern lebanon , killing five spanish peacekeepers and wounding three others , spain s defense minister jose antonio alonso said ."
"and narcisa de jesus martillo moran , a 19th century laywoman from ecuador who helped the sick and the poor ."
"the court s secretary , rakkiat pattanaphong , said thaksin must report back to it on april 11 ."
"iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki met sunday with the top u . s . military commander in iraq to voice his outrage over the reported deaths of iraqi civilians during a sunday morning military raid in baghdad s sadr city , a government spokesman told cnn ."
"it is not yet clear where the money is being sent to , but it is expected to be wired to the us before being transferred elsewhere ."
"those killed in a warehouse execution at srebrenica are spread throughout 20 secondary grave sites , for instance ."
"a good starting point is florence s cathedral , the duomo piazza del duomo , which dominates the city s skyline ."
"zheng xiaoyu was convicted on charges of taking bribes and dereliction of duty , xinhua news agency reported , citing the the beijing municipal no . 1 intermediate people s court ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the discovery is part of the sprawling necropolis and burial site of the rulers of ancient memphis , the capital of egypt s old kingdom , about 19 kilometers 12 miles south of giza ."
"when friends grow apart , commit acts of betrayal or demand too much time and energy , what s the best way to end the relationship ?"
koreans flying overseas can expect to pay more for their tickets beginning next year .
add 5 to 10 grams of soluble fiber a day
"world number two nadal quit when trailing argentine juan monaco 7 6 4 1 in their second round match , citing cramp in his left forearm and dizziness ."
tiger woods moved straight into the thick of the battle towards the top of the leaderboard when he launched his challenge for a third british open title running on thursday .
"the move followed pressure from beijing , which believes the material is too sensitive and could lead to social unrest , according to the uk s financial times ."
"exactly one year from today , south korea will pick a new president ."
there was no immediate word on casualties in the city north of baghdad .
"huntsman , mentioned by some as a possible republican presidential candidate in 2012 , served as ambassador to singapore under the first president bush , and in trade posts in the george w . bush administrations ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"all this highlighting the troubles facing the economy , even if the house follows the senate in passing a reworked bailout bill ."
"with democrats controlling both houses of congress and the white house , house speaker nancy pelosi says they will hit the ground running to try to boost the economy , though the goal of having something ready by inauguration day will not be met ."
the recent alleged rape of a teenager by a us marine has caused outrage .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"expectations are high ahead of obama s inauguration , senior aide david axelrod tells abc s this week that the administration will focus on an economy that he says will take time to fix"
"lindy kaiser s job is monitoring it , and to the army s blog , with the goal of reaching and hearing from the public"
"ken kutaragi , 56 , stepped down as sony computer entertainment inc . s chairman and group chief executive , the gaming unit said tuesday ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the socialists have played on fears that a huge conservative majority may silence the voice of democracy , turning the parliament into sarkozy s rubber stamp , and see uncomfortable reforms hoisted on the populace ."
"i use it for research for 10 minutes , then i spend two hours chatting ."
"witnesses reported orange , red , white and green lights that were diamond shaped , square , or cigar shaped ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
but he told lawmakers that failing to deploy additional combat troops posed too great a risk to progress achieved so far by the mission .
authorities said she died after falling ill .
communist china has indefinitely postponed the release of an environmental report on the costs of economic development .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"sixty years after polaroid introduced its first instant camera , the company s iconic film is disappearing from stores ."
the two sides held a third bilateral meeting on the sidelines of the main talks on thursday .
"the attack happened near the main government complex in baquba , on a street that was sealed off by security officials last week ."
"the floods displaced 1 . 27 million people , according to the news agency ."
lee claimed the case was sparked by angry franchisees and said he would appeal the case when he goes to court .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the head of the swiss olympic committee told state owned drs radio that he is against a boycott but wants the ioc to intervene with china over the troubles in tibet .
"the idea of skipping the august 8 opening ceremony is less negative than a general boycott , kouchner said . we are considering it ."
but if i look at what we had
he is now professor emeritus at the marine biological laboratory and boston university medical school .
"and if the statistics are correct , i believe there should be more emphasis on geography ."
swashbuckling gonzalez will not get a chance to repeat his australian open heroics after he slumped to a 6 2 6 2 6 4 defeat by radek stepanek in the first round .
"south korea and the european union eu continued negotiations on tariff reductions in their free trade negotiations on thursday , but both sides failed to make a significant breakthrough , seoul s chief negotiator for the trade negotiations said ."
the plan was announced before president hu jintao goes to washington to push western leaders to give poorer countries a bigger role in global financial institutions at a nov . 15 summit of the group of 20 major economies on the financial crisis .
"perhaps they are taking up so much space from the point of view of the sources of income as from the point of view of supply and distribution of drugs to these bands and , as a result , the bands are looking for other types of crimes , he speculated ."
but his office said the decision was unrelated to those demands and was not a gesture of protest .
"hillary says , historical amnesia hurts korea us alliance ."
thousands of people rioted in the streets of the somali capital on monday to protest rising food prices and shops refusal to accept somali currency .
"ike skelton , d missouri , chairman of the house armed services committee ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"also , a larger number of the elderly now decide to live alone rather than stay with their children after the death of their spouses , an nso official said ."
"high school students were ready to take to the streets to criticize the new college admission plan drawn up by the education ministry , which they say creates a hypercompetitive school environment ."
"information has shown us that if kids are going to lose an interest in math and science , it s going to be during these years , he said . so we ve targeted these teachers to try to illustrate for their students how math and science can be cool and relevant and applied to their daily lives , and just fun ."
"about 2 , 500 people have bailed around myrtle beach , south carolina , because of a wildfire that s been burning since yesterday and is still growing today ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the news came as the main opposition party in zimbabwe said its leader had won the presidential elections , an assertion the country s information minister disregarded as an attempt to wreak mayhem and panic ."
"after a few hours of charging the battery , we were ready for our first test a routine in which the er1 recognizes its box and moves toward it ."
"israeli officials maintain that iran still is working aggressively to build nuclear arms , despite the new u . s . conclusions ."
"we decided to raid keb to investigate dubious deals surrounding the sale of the bank in 2003 , prosecutor chae dong wook said during a media briefing ."
"moscow , russia cnn russia said monday it has begun fuel deliveries to an atomic power station in iran that has been at the center of international concerns over tehran s nuclear program ."
the taliban seized two other germans and five afghans last week .
"tropical cyclone larry smashed into queensland at innisfail , about 100km south of cairns , making thousands homeless ."
the relationship between germany and iran has been strained at times since iran s 1979 revolution .
offering some respite was an unexpected drop in the country s jobless rate to 3 . 8 percent in november from 4 . 0 percent a month earlier .
"she said , no , but clare cavoli lopez has ."
"first of all , hard physical work is a way of life for all of these long lived peoples ."
there are a total of 226 members in the federal parliament .
"on takeoff , the airstrip comes to an abrupt end at the edge of a mountain cliff ."
oil prices have fallen back sharply over the last dozen days after climbing above 135 a barrel on may 22 .
this is lead author ian ayres explaining the findings on kabc tv .
"speaking from the white house , bush said the people had chosen a president whose journey represents a triumph of the american story ."
"but amid the bleak toll , survival stories emerged . rescuers pulled at least 64 people alive from debris ."
a chilean prosecutor in june recommended that fujimori be extradited to peru to face the charges .
"the university denounced the video as a gross violation of human dignity and said thursday it has officially reported the matter to the director of public prosecution , a statement on its web site said ."
"writer director jeffrey blitz spellbound isn t going to win any prizes for originality , even if it s true that this plaintive comedy about a stammerer recruited onto the debate team is based on personal experience ."
"the latest study was based on observations last month of more than 6 , 000 people in four big cities ."
"the government is not considering yi s request , citing public skepticism ."
"kim , whose overseas visits are usually announced once they are over , held talks with president hu jintao , north korea s kcna news agency said ."
deputy prime minister and finance economy minister kwon o kyu said the latest measures will lead to an additional outflow of 10 15 billion per year .
"knut , whose legendary cuteness has doubled zoo attendance since his debut in march , is now 8 months old and weighs about 132 pounds ."
"mantovani had a daughter with pavarotti alice , who is 4 ."
"roh , however , refused the request ."
the dredgers working on the airport and related projects are also obliged to dispose of marine mud in designated sites .
"the wreckage was in an inaccessible area of swamps and forest , he said ."
police said they expected the death toll in baquba to rise as there were still charred bodies inside cars at the scene .
the official spoke on condition of anonymity because the information is classified as secret .
"the slaughter did not affect parrots , parakeets and canaries because they have little chance of spreading the disease , kim said ."
the consumer confidence index plunged to its lowest in four years .
"the three time grand slam title winner then plans to head to the australian open , which begins january 19 in melbourne ."
"the declaration by kosovo s government on sunday sparked widespread celebration from its majority of ethnic albanians , but its minority serb population still generally wants to be part of serbia ."
sen . arlen specter s admonition came sunday after the washington post published an editorial in which the embattled attorney general said he never asked that any prosecutor be fired for an improper reason .
"the decision by the aec , established after thaksin was deposed in a bloodless coup last september , is the latest setback for the family of the former media tycoon ."
"or at least those of us who voted for the people s choice awards , which celebrates its 35th ceremony this year ."
all designed to stop palestinian militants from firing rockets at israel .
turnout has been brisk in iraq
"although opec opted not to intervene , it did pledge to maintain constant vigilance over the market ."
cowen received support wednesday from all three parties in the government of predecessor bertie ahern .
"when i had the opportunity to finally plan my own life after i graduated college , purushe explains , i took into consideration where i was going to shop , where my friends live , where my boyfriend lives , and i definitely tried to plan the location of my home around where i was going ."
"a news corp spokesman said the company would need more support than that from the bancrofts for the deal to proceed , but he did not specify what percentage of the overall voting shares were sought ."
study subjects in that group lost almost four pounds in three months and kept it off for another three months .
"a representative answering the patient information line at bayfront medical center in st . petersburg , florida , said nick bollea , 17 , had been discharged ."
carla bruni sarkozy has been appointed by gordon brown to inject more style and glamour into british life if you believe a report in the uk s guardian newspaper .
korea to double african aid by . . .
veteran striker henrik larsson is making a surprise return to the international arena after being named in sweden s squad for the european championship finals .
flying with the flu ?
deploying in nimroz will mean britain has a presence close to both iran s western and eastern borders .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"reports also suggested his relationship with quinn had become strained , but in a statement on the club s web site keane gave no hint of a rift ."
foreign rights have already been sold in 16 countries .
"i had her when i was 35 , so she is my heart ."
another 40 were injured in the attack near the town of matta .
"le viet hung , vice chief of the can tho police , said the scene was total chaos ."
"they paint a picture of a highly organized , technologically superior roman army beset by germanic tribes in a forest about 80 km 50 miles south of the modern city of hanover ."
"and liftoff of space shuttle atlantis to assemble the framework for the science laboratories of tomorrow , said nasa spokesman george diller as the orbiter raced to space ."
"a family friend , artur mitiniani , told channel 7 that the family had lost 54 , 000 because of problems with a russian citizen whom bogdanyants met at the embassy ."
"new york julia roberts has welcomed her third child , a boy named henry daniel moder ."
the latest recall is the second this month
"public school officials in chicago , illinois , are recommending approval of a gay friendly high school because harassment and violence are causing gay students to skip class and drop out at alarming rates ."
murray beat jesse huta galung of the netherlands 6 4 6 4 .
"the rockets missed their target , with two of them landing some 220 yards 200 meters away from the crowd , said arif yaqoubi , a local reporter attending the event ."
"the world s top energy watchdog is preparing a sharp downward revision of its oil supply forecast , according to a report in the wall street journal ."
i think people are pretty interested in the future of the personal computer .
stock markets have plummeted in recent days as anxiety over the credit crisis which began in the implosion of u . s . housing prices has spread worldwide .
13 u . s . military bases will come into the hands of korea .
"march 2008 is when obama has said he would bring u . s . troops home from iraq , according to legislation he introduced in the senate ."
"once inside nieves apartment on manhattan s lower east side , the thieves bound her hands and feet and ransacked the house until they found the money ."
"but the carlos iii health institute , which is part of the national monitoring network , on its web site confirmed the deaths ."
"that , along with the appeal of the disney brand , has ensured the cruise line s success ."
the heat became first defending champion since the san antonio spurs in 2000 to be eliminated in the first round .
"in a meeting with korean residents in the u . s . on saturday , roh also said he will do his best to resolve the north korean nuclear problem as soon as possible ."
"it is estimated that around 700 million people out of china s 1 . 2 billion , drink contaminated water ."
.
the ap s don babwin reports the chopper may have had a wire .
"bangkok , thailand cnn a buddhist monastery that provided a hospice for aids patients has been closed down by the regime in myanmar , which is also still arresting dissidents , the top u . s . diplomat in the country said last week ."
"pwc s decision to withdraw the reports was influenced by the fact that some former shareholders and management of yukos are continuing to encourage others to rely on pwc s audit reports , the statement said ."
last month didier drogba found himself in hot water for throwing a coin back into burnley fans who had lobbed it at him during chelsea s carling cup defeat to burnley at stamford bridge .
the package was mailed after two people were killed at a dormitory early monday and before cho entered the university s norris hall and exacted the worst mass shooting by a lone gunman in u . s . history .
"because of the nature of the charges against you , no matter whom you were to select , that individual would be under a cloud of suspicion . that would not serve our state , our nation , or the united states senate , durbin wrote ."
we have taken all the sampling necessary .
north korea admitted last september it had kidnapped japanese citizens in the 1970s and 1980s to train its spies in japanese language and culture .
a rise of just 16 feet would affect 669 million people and 2 million square miles of land would be lost .
"and inez , kentucky ."
"in shandong province at 4 43 a . m . , the report said . xinhua said the collision was the deadliest train accident in the country since 1997 ."
he must undergo a period of rest while the situation is monitored in the next few days .
first they fired bavasi himself . then they axed mclaren .
"president roh moo hyun reportedly told prime minister shinzo abe of japan in november that he was willing to compromise on the name of the sea of japan , as it is known internationally , or the east sea as koreans call it and want to have the rest of the world call it as well ."
"weaver is one of the lead authors of the first report , issued in february ."
geffen is quoted in the column as saying the former president is a reckless guy who gave his enemies a lot of ammunition to hurt him and to distract the country .
it is with sadness that i learned of the death of former president yeltsin .
"he was carrying a single bottle of water and had no parachute , lawyers for mrs . fossett said in the court documents ."
"he wants to help struggling nations defeat poverty , bush told reporters at the white house ."
he had been awaiting a lung transplant at cedars sinai medical center in los angeles after being found last month to have a rare form of pulmonary fibrosis .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2810972
"her boyfriend came unglued . threw me out of his house broke up with me it was awlful he hit me and my mother , she said ."
"a spokeswoman for apple inc . , the maker of ipods , declined to comment ."
"on thursday , police chief olegario sousa said officers did not have enough evidence to arrest the only formal suspect , briton robert murat , 33 , who lives in the resort ."
the ap s bob ehler reports most of the auto dealers meeting in new orleans are trying to find ways to stay in business
afghan officials accused the taliban of a massacre .
"last month , they sought a six year jail term for chung , calling his alleged crimes grave ."
"greek officials have blamed the fires , which began last thursday , on arson ."
mccormack said the three all support the efforts to find a diplomatic resolution to all the various issues involving iran in the international system .
"four other people remain missing from tropical storm mitag , as another weather disturbance tropical depression hagibis continued to approach western palawan island , disaster relief officials and forecasters said ."
"a ban on lighting up in bars , restaurants and coffeehouses will be implemented next year ."
"since president lyndon johnson launched the war on poverty , which is largely an urban war , back in 1965 the united states of america has spent 5 trillion on welfare , much of it going to the inner cities of the united states ."
"south korean lee doo yong , who directed the latest film version , said he took his version of arirang to north korea in october , and censors there agreed to screen it in two cinemas in pyongyang from may 23 ."
"at least 50 people were killed and 200 injured , nigeria s red cross president said ."
"at winfrey s store , the real draw for some die hard winfrey fans is oprah s closet , a dark wooden armoire filled with clothes and shoes that winfrey herself once wore or kept in her own closet ."
"the senator from new york tried to make her case that sens . barack obama , her democratic rival , and john mccain , the presumptive republican presidential nominee , can t be trusted to end the war ."
"still , prices in some european countries were more than 50 percent more expensive than in south korea ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the korea times reports of the one mayoral position and four county chief posts up for grabs , the main opposition grand national party gnp and the minor millennium democratic party mdp won two each , with the governing uri party saving face with one win ."
she was initially released after three days for medical reasons but a judge intervened and she was sent back to jail after one just one night out .
"tehran , iran cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has met with some of the 15 british military personnel held in iranian custody for almost two weeks , shortly after pardoning the group and vowing to set them free ."
"opposition leader shimon peres said on tuesday he feared israeli extremists might try to assassinate prime minister ariel sharon , the target of growing far right fury over a planned withdrawal from gaza next year ."
4 . sommelier
"two people were injured , according to witnesses , as protestors tried to break through a cordon and hurled three petrol bombs at the embassy garden ."
"there may be protests from local residents , and there can even be calls to knock them down ."
"bomb experts have helped gather evidence to determine the type and make of a crude bomb that ripped through a packed bus near davao city on the southern island of mindanao on friday , killing 10 people and wounding 18 ."
i m very happy because that s the best result in my career .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"citing security concerns , mccormack would also not address unconfirmed reports that the vehicle was part of a convoy for departing u . s . ambassador to lebanon jeffrey feltman ."
"but only recently did krause s team assemble enough frog bones to piece together what the creature would have looked like , and weighed ."
"contrast that with a face to face conversation , or even a phone conversation , where you can judge people s moods from facial movements or vocal inflections , observes university of texas psychology professor art markman ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"jamaican police announced friday that they were treating the death of woolmer , 58 , as a homicide ."
"they ve also been regular contenders for the j league title , and managed to win it in 2005 ."
"three people were taken to hospitals , but officials could not immediately say why ."
sarkozy picked up dewitt s camera but then put it down .
she knew martin luther king jr . when he was just a boy and was close with his mother .
"frequent charter flights began in july , but monday marked the first formal service in nearly 60 years ."
"a penny , which consists of 97 . 5 percent zinc and 2 . 5 percent copper , cost 1 . 26 cents to make as of tuesday . and a nickel 75 percent copper and the rest nickel cost 7 . 7 cents , based on current commodity prices , according to the mint ."
"assisting someone to commit suicide is illegal in the uk , as it is in most other european countries ."
harry s elder brother william was awarded his royal air force wings in april after training since january .
the white house this morning says letting the auto industry fail would be nothing short of irresponsible
bush administration had set its red line in connection with n . k .
"542 , 000 more americans out of work , to be exact ."
your mother expects you home for thanksgiving and your in laws are demanding an audience with their grandchildren .
"i was saying to paula , what does he mean , he sang nasally on purpose ?"
"we re getting work out of the way at the moment , said the 31 year old actress , who has been shooting the thriller wanted in prague , czech republic ."
"in donetsk , jadson scored a hat trick in a one sided match , opening his account in the 32nd minute , with willian making it 2 0 five minutes after the interval ."
"simpson requested an attorney and was still at police headquarters late sunday afternoon , dillon said ."
hong kong police have already arrested several people in connection to the photos .
alaska railroad offers a canoe adventure 185 to spencer glacier in spencer lake aboard a 10 passenger canoe .
"sydney , australia cnn nicholas jake barton , the great grandson of former british prime minister winston churchill , pleaded guilty tuesday to knowingly taking part in a multimillion dollar ecstasy racket ."
"in a letter to employees , daimler chairman and former chrysler chief dieter zetsche said the company made the right decision ."
leaders of the g8 nations have agreed to seek substantial cuts in emissions in an effort to tackle climate change .
"more than ever , our objective is to bring them home safe and sound , he said ."
"the united states and several developed countries have shown a lukewarm attitude over north korea s entry into international organizations , including the asian development bank adb ."
"one pensioner , wiping make up from her face after taking part in a display of traditional folk dancing in a beijing park , said she was very happy . thirty years ago , we would never have thought that we could host such an event , she said . china was not strong enough to host the olympics , but now we are ."
president hu will visit the offices of microsoft and boeing during a two day trip to washington state .
"he was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said ."
"bacon , the prolific actor , and his wife , fellow screen star kyra sedgwick , had investments with madoff , the financial guru accused of swindling his clients out of 50 billion in a massive ponzi scheme , bacon s publicist told cnn tuesday ."
"kuznetsov , 43 , is under the supervision of investigators , olig troshin , a penza prosecutor , told itar tass ."
"but his decision not to attend the opening ceremony is not an act of protest , a spokeswoman for his office said , speaking anonymously in line with government policy ."
"shaun is lonely , vulnerable and a ripe target for bullies ."
"china , north korea s traditional ally , has sent officials to pyongyang to try to resolve the crisis , which follows the firing of seven ballistic missiles ."
"four nose cone fuses for intercontinental ballistic missiles were shipped instead of the helicopter batteries that taiwan had requested , air force secretary michael wynne said ."
spokesman todd goyer said people will be able to use laptop computers in their cars and trucks just as if they were in an office or home .
"speaking by phone to an israeli television reporter , haniya said such a deal would call for hamas to stop firing rockets into israel and for an end to the israeli military s targeted killings of palestinian militants ."
secretary of state condoleezza rice to pyongyang for discussions on the deepening dispute over its nuclear weapons programs .
"kareem , who commands the iraqi security forces in diyala province , said the bombings isolated the terrorists who had infiltrated sherween ."
reuters reports a mortgage bailout plan hatched between wall street and congress is gaining political traction even though it could be on a crash course with the bush administration .
"his van was found wrecked and ablaze on an interstate about nine miles 14 kilometers away , and police said they used dental records to identify the body inside as sueppel s ."
"eric clapton traded a heroin addiction for alcoholism , suffered disastrous love affairs , contemplated suicide while armed with a bottle of vodka , a gram of blow and a shotgun ."
"indian scientists have made an archaeological find suggesting the world s oldest cities came up about 4 , 000 years earlier than is currently believed ."
"eu leaders agreed last month to send an 1 , 800 strong force of police and legal officials to kosovo to maintain stability after a declaration of independence , which is expected in the next few months ."
he added that the town had missed the timeframe during which it could complain about any infringement of its name .
"brazil had tallied 13 deaths , the country s ministry of health said ."
"but analysts cautioned that the severe weather was not the only factor behind rising food costs , and warned that prices could still increase further ."
"in 1996 , fatima bhutto s father , murtaza bhutto , was gunned down by pakistani security forces in front of the family compound ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"once the girl was found , the sheriff asked the news organizations to stop displaying her picture ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
british authorities have said trafficking usually involves the trafficker promising to bring a woman to britain for a better life and then forcing her into prostitution .
"a method of cultivating plants in water instead of soil to bring farming into cities , where consumers are concentrated ."
some states get the electoral ball rolling with primaries an election where voters indicate a preference for a candidate while others use caucuses party meetings to endorse candidates .
klar will be eligible for parole in 2009 .
"it is preserved inside a climate controlled plexiglass container in luxor , egypt , near the valley of the kings ."
those owning land valued at 4 billion won for business purposes and 300 million won for non business purposes are also subject to the higher taxation .
rhetoric at campaigns .
messenger spacecraft will be launched to explore mercury .
they finished work on the channel sunday .
"white house officials suggested bush was taking a wait and see approach about his relationship with chirac and german chancellor gerhard schroeder , another ardent war foe ."
"he died early wednesday at a hospital in colombo , sri lanka , where he had lived since the 1950s , chase said ."
"national security adviser mowaffak al rubaie said the transfer means that basra police will be the first called to respond to any security incident , and will be backed up by the iraqi army as needed ."
"we ve seen all the nations , united nations , rocking on the free world and that s good , that s great , de tonquedec said ."
"on wednesday , nine pakistanis arrived at a hospital in the northern town of panipat , a town near where the fire took place about 90 kilometers 55 miles north of new delhi , but failed to identify any of charred bodies being kept in the morgue , said mohinder singh , the superintendent of police ."
"ronaldo was widely quoted during a turbulent summer that he was keen to play for real and it appeared only a matter of time before the move became a reality , but now the 23 year old is pledging loyalty to the old trafford faithful ."
"the united states was sending 100 , 000 for uganda , said steven browning , the country s u . s . ambassador ."
she reportedly canceled the order and requested a new couturier following versace s announcement .
"incoming information on the performance of mortgage related assets has intensified investors concerns about credit market developments and the implications of the downturn in the housing market for economic growth , bernanke said in his prepared remarks ."
"and from virtual family organizers to tabletop touch screens , their vision of the future sees technology move from the traditional desktop computer to become seamlessly integrated in all aspects of our lives ."
he shot himself in the head .
"the remaining one seat went to chae il byung who ran on the ticket of the minor opposition democratic party dp in the haenam chindo constituency in south cholla province , the party s traditional stronghold ."
"france is ready to take in colombian rebels freed from jail in their homeland in exchange for hostage ingrid betancourt , prime minister francois fillon said sunday ."
the average price of an ad was 2 . 7 million for 30 seconds .
her flight was supposed to get in at 09 10 and it arrived at 08 40 .
"in a statement released monday afternoon , obama and his sister said that dunham was the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility ."
"shortly after the recent election in zimbabwe , one farmer there told cnn that 10 of his workers were ambushed by militiamen and severely beaten ."
"the top u . s . delegate to the financial talks , deputy assistant treasury secretary daniel glaser , said the two days of meetings had validated u . s . suspicions of illegal financial activity by north korea ."
"bhutto toured the city of larkana , near her ancestral village , a day after beginning her first trip outside karachi since the oct . 18 assassination attempt there shattered a mass rally to welcome her home and left 145 people dead ."
the war was one of stunning reversals .
"the exit polls also indicated roughly 40 percent of mississippi democratic voters said race was an important factor in their vote , and 90 percent of those voters supported obama ."
"for a chief executive who has made such an enormous contribution to this great company , it is a tragedy that he should be compelled by his sense of honor to resign in these painful circumstances ."
"it s awards season in hollywood , which means that the entertainment industry is offering a flurry of self congratulatory honors over the next two months ."
president bush signed the bill into law friday afternoon .
president roh moo hyun thursday appointed vice foreign minister lee tae sik as the new ambassador to the united states .
"the ambitious project masiluleke is being rolled out across the country after a pilot period that saw calls to a aids national helpline shoot up by 200 percent , organizers say ."
"a video of carli posted on the g1 web site of globo tv showed the smiling 41 year old priest slipping into a flight suit , being strapped to a seat attached to a huge column green , red , white and yellow balloons , and soaring into the air to the cheers of a crowd ."
hu said both countries agreed on the importance of maintaining peace and stability on the korean peninsula and . . . to peacefully resolve the situation on the korean peninsula .
"viagra increases blood flow to the penis , enabling a man to have an erection ."
"the crime occurred in a quiet neighborhood in harvey , across the big river from new orleans ."
living in a cage in hong kong
current un secretary general kofi annan steps down at the end of the year .
"he recalled in 1997 memoirs , if i had not been smitten with love at first sight of ruth bell i would certainly have been the exception . many of the men at wheaton thought she was stunning ."
"al rubaie , who leads al sadr s bloc in the iraqi parliament , told the ap , after four years of occupation , we have hundreds of thousands of people dead and wounded ."
he also said it should have stated that the incumbent south korean leader park chung hee had ordered the abduction .
she concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public .
manchester united manager alex ferguson has reportedly fined his players a total of one million pounds 1 . 98m after their pre christmas party ended in sordid front page headlines .
"going to the olympic games and having the opportunities to compete in front of a home crowd in sydney and being part of such a wonderful team and continuing to be a part of a wonderful team in beijing this year have been the highlights , he said ."
"hanoi , vietnam cnn floods triggered by heavy rains have killed at least 33 people in central vietnam as residents braced tuesday for a tropical storm expected to make landfall later this week ."
that is down a 1 . 31 from last christmas .
"there was no emergency exit in the shaft , which had not been maintained for ages , seshoka said , according to the press association ."
"avril lavigne , blonde stunner carrie underwood tomboyish but sexy ciara , fashionista gwen stefani and hip swiveling shakira on a song featuring bootylicious beyonce ."
"during her recent mideast tour , rice said she would organize such a meeting , but she did not give a date ."
"in another , a suspect is tricked into what he thinks is a job as a movie extra and , after a staged argument between the film s director and another actor , gets promoted to the starring role ."
"forgeard made a profit of some 3 million when he sold his stock in march 2006 , and his three children also sold stock options ."
results were presented tuesday at the american geophysical union meeting .
"the announcement will be widely welcomed as iran , a muslim shiite majority nation , has considerable influence among iraqi shiites , who now lead the baghdad government ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"ahead of his arrival , the pakistani government arrested at least 3 , 000 sharif supporters , including members of parliament , police sources said . most of those arrested were in punjab province , a stronghold of support for sharif , police sources said . also arrested early monday were pakistan muslim league chairman zafar ul haq and acting president jawaid hashmi ."
the high court busan gave the go ahead for a tunnel to be built for korea s bullet train .
"if organic compounds are present on mars , they re more likely to have been preserved in ice ."
"the troops left one person dead on the ground , she said , and they returned a few minutes later to retrieve the body ."
the tax on chewing tobacco will go from 19 . 5 cents per pound to 50 cents .
the international community has roundly called the election allegedly marred by violence and vote rigging a sham .
"if so , this would jibe with the communist party congress decision last year to line up xi and li as presumptive successors to top party and government posts ."
firefox 3 also offers other design and speed improvements .
"chung was in charge of raising the slush fund and also illegally tried to transfer management control to his son . . chung admitted a role in raising the fund , prosecution sources said ."
stanton vowed to try to appear on as many news shows as possible .
he wants to make the entire assembly process more modular with easy to replace body panels .
"the september 2004 attack on a school in beslan , in the north caucasus , led to at least 331 deaths ."
she performed in a piano quintet last night for queen elizabeth at buckingham palace .
"it was particularly pointed , he said , because chinese officials thanked other countries for the help provided after the earthquake in china ."
the city did not go back on its plans but agreed to discuss with unions how and when the new licenses will be released .
ford was never elected president .
the south korean national intelligence agency nia admitted last week to seizing mr .
"the students said companies interested in making the product commercially could avoid taxes because the alcohol was in powder form . a number of companies are interested , they said ."
china had refused u . s . suggestion to cut off fuel supplies to north korea .
zimbabwe s central bank will introduce a 50 billion note
"the show , which premiers this weekend on fox reality channel , features arpaio and other officers using elaborate ploys crafted by comedy writers and carried out by professional actors to arrest suspects with outstanding warrants ."
bakara market mogadishu s largest public market remained all but deserted sunday a day after the ethiopian backed somali forces occupied the streets surrounding the bazaar .
"the upswing followed wall street , where many investors looked past more signs of a slumping u . s . economy and piled into stocks , ap said ."
"miller and schuster noticed that most of the mammoths they examined had far less genetic diversity than other species that are still alive , which may give clues into the biology of extinction ."
"kishore , who lives in a dusty shack by the river , takes the babies covered in a shroud to the middle of the river on his rickety boat , says a short prayer , and slips them into the water ."
"no one on the ride was injured , she said ."
"love and unity not hate , one read ."
"a man infected with the extensively drug resistant form of tb known as xdr tb knew he was not supposed to travel overseas but did so anyway , director of the centers for disease control and prevention dr . julie gerberding told cnn s american morning on wednesday ."
a spokesman for president roh moo hyun says the decision was made to create the mood for a successful south north summit meeting and in consideration of the other party .
"suddenly , it dawned on him ."
"the glacier calved split off and a big wave washed over the boat , elisabeth bjoerge loevold , acting governor of svalbard , told reuters . the boat rocked back and forth and passengers fell on the deck ."
mccain advisers described the senator s policy as significantly different from that of president bush in its goals and approach .
biden is the chairman of the senate foreign relations committee and a democratic presidential candidate .
"they said the battle will weaken the democratic nominee before he or she gets a chance to take on the presumptive republican candidate , sen . john mccain ."
25 . stopping your job search while you wait for a response
president roh moo hyun said on wednesday that south korea will begin formal negotiations to conclude a free trade agreement fta with the united states as soon as differing views currently hindering the talks are fine tuned .
attorney general michael mukasey collapsed tonight during a speech at the marriott park hotel in washington .
"ap correspondent john gambro reports there s also sad news about a tv anchor woman in little rock , arkansas . hospital officials at st ."
kpn lost 3 . 3 percent as first quarter results at its fixed lines unit disappointed markets .
"in ohio , a state obama lost to sen . hillary clinton by 10 points in march , he s leading mccain 48 to 42 percent ."
the national assembly will hold confirmation hearings within 20 days of roh s formal nomination . a majority of a quorum of the assembly must vote to confirm such nominees before they can take their seats .
"yet once out of military uniform , most south koreans plunge into the capitalist free for all with barely a look back ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the palace said last week that bhumibol , the world s longest reigning monarch , is steadily regaining strength and can now stand without the assistance of a walker ."
"the use of toilets and hand washing with soap prevents the transfer of bacteria , viruses and parasites that might otherwise contaminate water supplies , soil and food ."
the two week campaign begins officially at midnight friday .
uefa have been urged to investigate a laser beam incident involving manchester united s cristiano ronaldo .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
cotte said the change in position was the result of a lap blanket held by leonardo s model .
"north korea has also proposed that the two countries resume economic cooperation talks in march , but seoul was apparently opposed to holding the talks so soon , according to pool reports ."
"ginkgo is a top selling herb and has been hailed by some as a memory booster , but the new university of pittsburgh study found it didn t help prevent alzheimer s or other forms of dementia in more than 3 , 000 elderly study subjects ."
"i will not take it as a complete sign until we ve seen that disablement , but obviously disablement is an important step forward ."
"ten years ago , i wore the yellow jersey during five days . there are signs . i knew victory could not slip from my hands today ."
.
"we don t use high temperatures or high pressures , which is a huge advantage in terms of scaling the project up , mcleish said ."
ten burmese activists have been charged over last august s fuel price protests which grew into countrywide anti government demonstrations .
"attackers struck the team of seven u . s . soldiers and an iraqi soldier early saturday , the military said ."
"according to industry analysts , the automotive computer technology market should grow from about 1 billion in 2000 to 8 billion by 2005 ."
officials say indian commandos have killed the last two gunmen inside the oberoi another five star hotel .
"warner had been the largest media company releasing videos in both formats , until now steering clear of a struggle that , reminiscent of the vhs vs . beta fight in the early 1980s , has left many consumers confused and waiting to see which technology will emerge as the industry standard ."
"venus williams reached the australian open quarterfinals for the first time in five years , beating poland s marta domachowska 6 4 , 6 4 on monday at melbourne park ."
sens . john mccain and barack obama engaged in a pointed exchange over al qaeda in iraq on wednesday .
spitup may also be just a wet burp when milk comes up with a belch .
"this year , for the first time , nielsen is measuring viewership in the estimated 17 percent of homes with digital video recorders ."
"according to authorities , the dead and wounded were members of a family traveling to baquba for a wedding ."
"a number of companies want to build solar or wind facilities on a half million acre parcel in the desert , but california senator dianne feinstein says the development would violate the spirit of what conservationists wanted when they donated much of that land to the public ."
"with the exception of foreign minister ban ki moon who is leaving for the post of secretary general at the united nations , the resignations are said to be closely tied to north korea s oct ."
companies that pioneer the night for their industries often find the gains to be prodigious .
"i retract it , of course , when i said , one is going to raze tehran , he said ."
"asked if she had discussed the lack of women on the council , she told reporters , the issue has been brought up in our discussions with the saudis on this trip ."
two recent polls by other organizations also show the race statistically even .
"fernandez took nearly 54 percent of the vote in a multi party race , avoiding a runoff ."
"traders are second guessing citigroup s overnight deal to turn over a much bigger piece of itself to the government , and they re shocked , shocked i tell you , by the revised shrinkage of the economy at the end of last year ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
most other national polls show obama with a lead ranging between 5 points and double digits .
"keating said he offered myanmar the assistance of thousands of u . s . sailors and marines , plus u . s . military aircraft ."
abe has come under fire at home and abroad for suggesting in early march that there is no proof that the imperial government or military coerced women into the
"hill was designated as assistant u . s . secretary of state on north east asia , a job that will task him with negotiations on the stand off over north korea s nuclear weapons program on behalf of the u . s ."
"researchers have been working on the questions he posed for decades , and have not settled on a brighter vision of human obedience ."
"travelers may encounter additional screening when bringing remote control devices in carry on baggage , the tsa said ."
"she said the house had working smoke detectors , ap reported ."
"interviews with 100 stars spotlighted this year will be included in the magazine s edition to hit u . s . newsstands on friday . the list is put together not by vote , but through the publication s internal evaluation of renowned stars ."
about 65 percent of all toys sold by mattel are made in china .
how many slams can he win ?
french president jacques chirac asked the afghan government for help thursday .
they will need clean air to breathe .
"authorities were searching for the gunman , described as an african american male aged 20 to 25 , wearing a white t shirt and blue jeans ."
but parreira s tactics seemed to be paying off when south africa beat paraguay 3 0 in a friendly last month .
71 people killed in a day by suicide bombers in iraq .
draft likely to be reduced
"al shahristani said iraq plans to change the hearts and minds of people who have been helping smugglers and pipeline saboteurs , particularly in southeastern iraq , where most of the country s lucrative oil industry is based ."
"davydenko , who was down a match point earlier in the tournament , stunned even himself by using the same racquet throughout the week ."
"the second half was different , liverpool attacked more . . . we still had chances on the counter attack ."
"a win would have put chelsea top of the table , but liverpool retain that position , one point ahead of the london side ."
"some 756 square kilometers 292 square miles of amazon was destroyed last month , compared to 230 square kilometers 89 square miles in august 2007 ."
yet only in the past decade or so has the resolution of images from commercial satellites sharpened enough to be of much use to archaeologists .
"korea will gain access to 10 million metric tons of liquified natural gas , or lng , from two additional sites near the country s first commercial lng gas field in the east sea , government sources said over the weekend ."
"government rules should promote fair competition , the federation of korean industries , the main lobby for big business , said yesterday in a 35 page proposal to the finance ministry , the national assembly and other policymakers ."
hu is in tokyo as a state guest in a sign of warming relations between the two nations .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
korean national railroad
"the plane was submerged in murky , orange brown swamp , with scraps of metal and plastic floating on the surface ."
"such investigations have spread unease among china s new rich , many of whom have operated until recently with little regulation and who frequently are suspected of buying influence and exploiting political connections ."
"the bush administration is under increased pressure from critics in congress who say the u . s . strategy in iraq is not working , raising calls for a troop withdrawal ."
"earlier , moussa jaafar , the survey director , was in a car driving through a shiite neighborhood in northwestern baghdad when gunmen opened fire on his car , an interior ministry official said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"porn used to be relegated to a video hidden in the bottom drawer , or a magazine under the mattress ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the controversy is lost on the massachusetts governor , who endorsed obama ."
"several people on the ground were burned , and the building which houses a clothing store also caught fire ."
"fbi agents on tuesday arrested blagojevich and his chief of staff , john harris , on federal corruption charges related in part to the selection of obama s successor to the senate ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"christopher hill , speaking to reporters in tokyo on his way to beijing where the six nation talks resume thursday , said north korea s willingness to take steps forward was key ."
the bees stung cops and firefighters who tried to corral them .
"in a surprise move that sparked a rebound on wall street last friday , the u . s . central bank cut its discount rate by a half percentage point to 5 . 75 percent ."
"the death of salih saif aldin in the service of our readers is a tragedy for everyone at the washington post . he was a brave and valuable reporter who contributed much to our coverage of iraq , said leonard downie jr . , executive editor of the post , was quoted as saying ."
"critics have also challenged roh s economic policies , saying he raised taxes , created higher unemployment and caused real estate prices to soar ."
harvey weinstein said disappointing returns for grindhouse resulted from the novelty in america of releasing a double bill and asking an audience to make a three hour commitment .
"the ministry will introduce the so called positive list system in september , under which only medicines with proven efficacy and price competitiveness will be covered by health insurance ."
"but the study said 188 mammals are critically endangered , including the iberian lynx , which has at most 143 adults remaining ."
"during the three hour test that began at 9 00 a . m . , police boats from the navies of the two koreas used a joint radio frequency ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the tornado hit the town of qishi in southern china s guangdong province around noon saturday .
the changing electoral schedule is proving a stiff test for the candidates as their campaigns have to decide which states to focus their energy and their money on .
turnout for the international tourism industry s most important event is at a record high this year as the sector struggles to cope with the financial crisis sweeping the world .
"in december 2004 , a massive earthquake struck off indonesia s sumatra island and triggered a tsunami that killed more than 230 , 000 people , including 131 , 000 people in indonesia s aceh province alone ."
"winslet faces competition from angelina jolie for changeling , kristin scott thomas for i ve loved you so long and meryl streep in doubt ."
those prices have been going down for nearly 2 years now .
"a palin associate , however , said the candidate is simply trying to bust free of what she believes was a damaging and mismanaged roll out ."
"macbook air , thin , nano and mini 8212"
"you re a lot younger than other girls in the business who have been successful , but you look at britney spears and christina aguilera and how they all had growing pains ."
"meanwhile , kenyan attorney general amos wako called for a recount and a government of national unity , according to a statement from his office ."
mifsud s brace doomed united to their first home defeat to lower league opponents since york city s triumph in 1995 .
dawn drexel tells wmbf tv it s hard not knowing what has happened to her daughter brittanee
he pointed to a classic psychology study that found attachment and affection were more dependent on hugs and cuddles that happen to be physically warm than on merely ensuring a baby is fed .
but spain had a series of chances to double their lead midway through the half as sergio ramos headed straight at lehmann and andres iniesta forced two more saves in quick succession from the german keeper .
"mosquitoes spread the virus to birds , animals and humans ."
"an ash explosion can occur there anytime , said bella tubianosa from the philippine institute of volcanology and seismology ."
"law recently returned from the venice film festival , where he was promoting the remake of the movie sleuth , in which he co stars with caine ."
liga after a 1 1 draw on wednesday night .
"state department , was to speak last week before seoul s sejong institute , a think tank on security matters , but he canceled the session because of a family emergency . the joong ang ilbo reports the text of his remarks , however , became public ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
gangster al capone is sentenced to 11 years behind bars for tax evasion .
"martin scorsese won the top honor saturday from the directors guild of america for his mob saga the departed , moving him a step closer to finally receiving hollywood s biggest filmmaking prize at the academy awards ."
with john mccain s complete set of pork knives they cut the pork out !
they were all held for the victims of the tsunami .
"according to reports , the 23 year old s portuguese international s vehicle was written off in the crash ."
draft likely to be reduced
one eyewitness told he saw a car explode with three people inside .
chirac s initial remarks would mark a big departure from france s official policy of deterrence and work in preventing iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
"markoff , of course , is suspected of killing a woman a masseuse he met through craigslist ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"about 37 , 000 u . s . military personnel are based in south korea to protect it from an attack by north korea , in a legacy of the 1950 53 korean war ."
"in 2003 , wen called for tough punishment after a teenage boy was trapped into working in a kiln in yongji , shanxi , media reported at the time ."
their current full length feature film little miss sunshine is up for an academy award .
flying with the flu ?
"the sao paulo fire department said at least 200 people , including some on the ground , were dead at the scene ."
"restrictions or bans on hunting in recent decades have helped protect many populations of the iconic arctic carnivore , but many experts say the long term outlook is bleak ."
"they called me two weeks after solti died and said , help , mr . kaye you re the only one who knows how many of the players have been booked ."
her remarks were in a voice of america interview .
"it is an extraordinary event , the consequences of which cannot be predicted ."
but the firm insisted the leak was still well below danger levels .
"when her husband couldn t reach her , he said , he called bellevue police to report his wife missing ."
"she said it was particularly unfortunate that he made the remarks just days before christmas , but described them as so in line with other statements from this pope , it s not really atypical ."
an employee in one moscow company said building managers had been going round offices on tuesday ordering staff to turn off lights to save energy .
"on tuesday , the leader of olmert s kadima faction also called for him to quit ."
"that word comes from her mother , talking to the los angeles times ."
"among mac users and industry observers , reaction to the 90 minute keynote , which apple says will be its last at macworld , was predictably mixed ."
"ledger was unresponsive when he was found by a housekeeper who had gone to wake him for an appointment with a masseuse in the soho apartment , browne said ."
she did rack up more than 17 million votes in the primary .
"he regains his sanity to battle a japanese spy who tries to rape his sister but later loses his freedom forever , lee said ."
"washington cnn al qaeda is still operating within pakistan s mountainous tribal region bordering afghanistan , and the united states lacks a comprehensive plan for meetings its national security goals there , said a u . s . government study released thursday ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the senate victory will also give the democrats key posts on powerful congressional committees , as well as more control over federal spending ."
the ministry of finance and economy wednesday announced that the government will pursue macroeconomic policy to solidify the ongoing recovery .
"although andriy shevchenko was on target for the ukraine , with a 72nd minute equalizer , two goals from antonio di natale gave italy an important victory ."
the u . s . military to increase security before the oct .
there was a huge explosion .
attempts are underway to get north korea back to the table after its feb . 10 announcement that it possesses nuclear weapons and will indefinitely boycott the talks .
we will defend our allies and our interests .
the under 20 side also won their respective world cup in russia two years ago .
other drivers spotted them and opened christmas presents to provide warmer clothing for the children .
the talks continued saturday .
"the teen stomped around , squawking ."
"the danish battalion will be brought home by august , rasmussen said , according to the associated press ."
"while that s been a frustration , the florida state university history professor said it s also what gives happiness its power and allure ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"government leaders and military commanders vowed early this year to eliminate the rebels by the end of the year , but later extended the deadline into 2009 ."
"i rejected what she said and i certainly do repudiate it , clinton said at the national newspaper publishers association meeting in washington ."
the violence has been blamed on mainly sunni muslim insurgents who want to destabilize iraq in order to undermine the us led occupation of the country .
"that same survey shows that one out of seven likely voters , about 14 , remain undecided ."
rikki was found dead in the shaft .
said commerzbank strategist ralf groenemeyer in frankfurt .
"london , paris and frankfurt were off more between 5 . 7 and 7 percent at the close despite the bank of england and european central bank cut interest rates by 1 . 5 and 0 . 5 percent respectively ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"and in a statement wednesday , mark thompson , director general of the bbc , announced the stars suspension and offered an unreserved apology to sachs , his family and the british public for what he termed a gross lapse of taste and a severe offence ."
the new york new york hotel casino actually looked like the real new york in december .
the race should heat up further when the x prize foundation the group that kick started the space tourism industry with its 10 million competition to produce a reusable private spacecraft announces in the next few months a competition for the first car to break 100 mpg and sell a yet to be decided number of units .
bruno is also waiting for a new home as the owner of the bullmastiff cross moved into a flat which does not allow pets .
slavia claimed a champions league group stage spot for the first time after five failed attempts while ajax failed to go through for the second time in a row .
australian cadel evans and germany s andreas kloeden were unable to respond to contador s violent burst of speed and they finished 56 seconds behind the pair .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice and the chinese president have endorsed a commitment to get north korea back into talks over its nuclear program .
"the legal giant was designated an honest tax payer in march last year , a privilege that is supposed to suspend periodic tax investigations for the next two years ."
"on wednesday , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice met with guterres to outline a new u . s . program for iraqi refugees , which includes 18 million for additional funding for unhcr"
"the police chief has refused to resign after the deaths of two farmers , allegedly after injuries they sustained in battles with police during a protest in seoul last month ."
"the committee stripped the state of its delegates because its violated party rules by holding its primary on january 29 , earlier than allowed ."
"each will have received a call from charles kaye , former executive administrator to the orchestra s founding conductor , the late sir georg solti , and now its driving force ."
the church that he began building 20 years ago in miami resembles no other
"tibet is a thorny issue between the two nations , but japan has indicated it is encouraged by weekend talks between chinese officials and envoys of the dalai lama . protesters said those talks are not enough and urged stronger action ."
"china s delayed reporting of a sunken south korean freighter off the chinese coast has angered koreans , while the search for 16 missing crew members continued for a third consecutive day monday ."
"it was an eminently dangerous act , judge pramod kode said . with the punishment of a minimum of five years and maximum of 10 years it can in no way be a minor offence or of a less grave nature ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
flying with the flu ?
he expressed confidence that he can convince superdelegates he is more electable .
tensions rose in october 2002 when north korean officials told u . s . negotiators that they had begun a uranium enrichment program .
chinese and south korean residents in u . s . had a demonstration opposing japan s bid for a permanent seat on the u . n .
golf legend seve ballesteros has confirmed that he has a brain tumor .
how to launch a tech company in one weekend
a moment brilliantly anticipated in ibm s buzzword bingo tv ad link 8212 but this could be the year .
"lauterbach is a personnel clerk assigned to combat logistics regiment 27 , 2nd marine logistics group , ii marine expeditionary force , the marine corps said ."
"the asahi shimbun , a japanese daily , reported the details of the doctrine called operational plan 5055 . the daily reported that in 2002 the united states and japan reached an agreement on the plan ."
"the us house of representatives has voted to approve government funding for embryonic stem cell research . the vote sets up a confrontation with president bush , who has vowed to veto the bill , if it passes the senate ."
"for the first time in franchise history , the cardinals are going to the super bowl ."
"there is much more product available this time because of the timing of the movie and book releases , diane mangan , director of children s merchandise for borders , told the associated press ."
"three japanese were freed by their captors thursday , a day after other kidnappers executed an italian"
"baghdad , iraq cnn turkey s armed forces stepped up their offensive against kurdish rebels in northern iraq on wednesday amid rising diplomatic tensions between baghdad and ankara ."
"johannesburg , south africa ap speakers decried crime in south africa at the funeral thursday of a renowned historian who was shot dead earlier this week ."
the lower income taxes are expected to benefit up to 7 million salaried workers and 2 million self employed . the south korean government plans to scrap its special sales taxes on 24 high end goods as early as this month as a step to stimulate domestic consumption .
"chirac who made the comments during a monday interview with the new york times , the international herald tribune and le nouvel observateur , a weekly magazine called reporters back the next day to try to have his quotes retracted ."
but it was unclear who would be on the defense team when proceedings resumed on june 25 .
aren t most companies these days ?
"but cmdr bainimarama said the security situation remained unchanged for the fijian people , as the measures were aimed only at qarase and his political allies ."
i think we see bacteria that are literally laughing at all the antibiotics .
"their child was conceived with a donor egg , and then the embryo implanted in the surrogate , or carrier ."
"in an earlier role , he was a leader of the libyan islamic fighting group , which"
for a beer a popular local brand is victoria bitter count on spending at least 3 . 50 . opera house tours run about 28 .
"forty one percent of clinton supporters said they d cast their vote for john mccain , the presumptive republican nominee , and 23 percent said they would not vote at all ."
"police found a semi automatic or automatic rifle next to one of the bodies along with casings and bullets in the church and four empty magazines outside the church , duke said ."
"the electrical tension in the overhead cable was beefed up , from 25 , 000 volts to 31 , 000 ."
"in the tranquility of the catoctin mountains , bush and brown began their brief meeting sunday night and monday at camp david , with an emphasis on private time between the two . their substantive agenda is familiar"
"baghdad , iraq cnn authorities imposed a curfew in hilla on sunday after a roadside bomb killed a provincial police chief and two other officers , an official with the interior ministry said ."
"francesca apparently was disoriented when her rescuers saw her under a wing of the wrecked plane , her mother said ."
last week s surge in oil prices drove gasoline prices sharply higher just before the long memorial day holiday weekend in the u . s .
but he also said the unprecedented steps taken by the u . s . treasury department and the fed were done in time to prevent more expensive and permanent damage to leading financial institutions .
"one of those rockets struck near a college , killing one person , according to the israeli military and emergency medical services ."
"the forum comes amid heightened concern over the north korean issue in the wake of its missile tests of july 5th , and the five parties the us , russia , china , south korea and japan have been seeking informal talks ."
on tuesday u . n . nuclear monitors were set to hold talks with officials in north korea on how to verify the shutdown of its main nuclear reactor .
"they call this remembrance day , or armistice day , and leaders of united europe marked the 90th anniversary of the end of world war i this morning ."
"they performed with other comedians in 120 degree heat on makeshift stages , including a basketball court , then in between shot short videos for the daily show ."
"armstrong and hansen , however , are expecting without the use of any artificial fertilization process ."
"national guard troops were posted at qualcomm stadium , home to the nfl s san diego chargers , as it became a temporary home to 12 , 000 to 15 , 000 fire evacuees , according to the mayor s office in san diego ."
the land steps in sloppy slabs down to the sea .
several military officials at the pentagon said they have seen nothing wednesday that would confirm the reports of turkish troops crossing the border into iraq .
"chelsea had been expected to start in style even though they lacked the liked of injured frank lampard and didier drogba , but the norwegians had different ideas ."
"we respect this relation , but we will not allow such interfering to exist ."
a u . s . expert said north korea s nuclear and missile tests are the core driving forces behind the rise of militarism in japan and the strengthened u . s .
"he says it felt like the first time he received a best actor academy award nod 20 years ago , for cry freedom ."
"las vegas , nevada ap after nearly 30 years , california s classic rock group the eagles may soon release their first album of all new music ."
"the heavy flooding of recent days has left as many as 300 , 000 people without homes and destroyed one tenth of the country s much needed farmland , north korea said on wednesday ."
"his film credits include dirty harry , every which way but loose and the three man with no name westerns ."
"it , was , however , on the ground below ."
"despite that pledge from the world s leading oil producer and the u . s . move to temporarily stop filling government stockpiles , prices have shown no indication of stopping their record run ."
fears that korean farmers could be harmed by the abolition of rice tariffs led to nationwide protests against trade liberalization over the past few months .
"terrorism analyst laura mansfield told cnn that while the september 20 message was directed at the pakistani people , the simultaneous release of transcripts in english , pashto and arabic indicate the terror group is looking at a wider audience , including the english speaking world ."
california has long taken the lead in the fight for clean air
"the work on the vaccine is very much under way , and we are at the steps of testing the various strains to see which is the most appropriate ."
"chung also sought a lenient punishment through his written statement , saying he would improve the management system and make the company one of top five automakers in the world if the court gives him a chance ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"every major resort on the strip has a spa facility , each touting a special feature or unique therapy , often from asia or europe , for relief from the excitement of gambling , relaxation after a big business trip or to prepare for a night on the town ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
gop candidate says the long time senator has broken his trust with the people with his conviction on corruption charges .
"another research team member , ken nishimura , said the robot could be adjusted to give beauty and relaxation massages ."
"the current iraqi government is now dominated by shiite and kurdish politicians and has close ties to iran , which fought a bloody eight year war with iraq under hussein ."
"ashcroft said at a news conference that there is credible intelligence about the terrorists efforts , but there is no information about when , where or how an attack might occur ."
the couple became engaged last year .
"sarkozy announced the agreement after a meeting of leaders of the eurozone countries , which use the euro ."
the ruling uri party says it plans to revise the broadcast act to dispense stronger punishment to broadcasting stations that disobey already draconian regulations .
oil prices surged past 104 a barrel for the first time after the opec announcement and the release of a u . s . government report showing a surprise drop in crude oil stockpiles .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"forty five pakistani soldiers and 130 pro taliban militants have died in two days of fierce fighting in north waziristan , the pakistani army says ."
"when they called at his house in oxfordshire , england , he unwittingly asked if they had seen his youtube video"
"in 1999 , scientists at the university of alabama at birmingham traced the origins of hiv back to a subspecies of chimpanzee ."
"hundreds of south korean residents near u . s . military bases have decided to file a lawsuit alleging the bases cause noise pollution , according to civic groups on monday ."
"adventurer and tv show host bear grylls injured his shoulder in antarctica during an expedition to raise money for an international charity , the discovery channel said sunday ."
"still , prices have come down 73 since july ."
obama picked up a slew of superdelegate endorsements on tuesday .
"dave martin , a retired veterinarian , was pronounced dead shortly after the incident , which occurred about 7 a . m . friday 10 a . m . et at solana beach , california ."
"paris mayor bertrand delanoe officiated and gave a speech saying how happy he was that they were married in the city of light , said the mayor of paris 4th district , dominique bertinotti ."
draft likely to be reduced
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
investigators are struggling to understand the killing rampage that left two rural alabama communities in shock
no contest to two counts of driving with a blood alcohol level above . 08 percent and one count of reckless driving .
"the expected increase in unemployment and decrease of disposable income is going to affect the donations , says moore ."
"windows server is the server operating system equivalent to the vista pc operating system , with an emphasis on many of the same features , such as better security ."
"the government decided to cut the screen quota by half and the decision will go into effect on july 1 , finance and economy minister han duck soo said in a press conference at the kwachon government complex , south of seoul ."
former president kim dae jung flew to pyongyang for the first inter korean summit in june 2000 .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"at least a dozen freed prisoners described brutal treatment at detention centers , including one who said dozens of detainees were killed , according to the democratic voice of burma , a norway based short wave radio station and web site run by dissident journalists ."
"by disable , hill said , the agreement means making it difficult to restart a nuclear program by sealing the facility and removing certain components that would not be easy to replace ."
"the korea herald reports labor union members at citibank s seoul branch staged a strike yesterday , demanding equal treatment with koram bank employees after the two complete a merger scheduled for next month ."
"the passengers had attended the 15th annual flight safety conference , held in warsaw on wednesday ."
this protesters wears a mask of the ousted leader .
imagine a bicycle seat connected by mechanical frames to a pair of shoes for an idea of how the new wearable assisted walking gadget from honda works .
"burma s ruling generals need to prepare for a transition of power involving opposition activists and international mediators , the us envoy to the un says ."
"korean american rookie christina kim was 28th at 7 over , three strokes ahead of gloria park in the 42nd ."
white and his colleagues assigned the new creatures to a subspecies of homo sapiens they named homo sapiens idaltu idaltu meaning elder in the afar language .
"at the holocaust memorial museum wednesday , president bush paid tribute to professor liviu librescu , a holocaust survivor who taught at virginia tech for 20 years ."
nato foreign ministers agreed to stay the course in seeking fresh measures at the united nations to persuade iran to stop uranium enrichment and reprocessing despite a new u . s . intelligence report that concluded the country halted it nuclear weapons ambitions in 2003 .
"sen . barack obama will win the north carolina democratic primary , cnn projects , but the race in indiana is still too close to call ."
"an investigation into u . s . led airstrikes that slammed into afghan homes where taliban fighters sought shelter has found that 62 insurgents and 45 civilians were killed , two afghan officials say ."
a date for the resumption of talks has been long awaited after they stalled a year ago when north korea walked out in protest at us financial sanctions .
"the elephants had been performing seven times a day , just 24 hours after being transfered from songdo resort in incheon ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"republican george allen admitted defeat to his democratic opponent , james webb , in the close virginia senate race ."
"while the maximum surcharge has been 52 until now , it will rise to 140 per ticket for people flying to europe or the united states ."
chad is still recovering from a failed attempt last month by rebels to overthrow deby s regime .
tv pictures showed black smoke billowing from the plane as airport fire crews smothered it in foam .
lead supporter senator rick santorum of pennsylvania said the measure was about preserving the institution of marriage .
"they have to get away from this big bonus system which encourages their managers to take risky bets , instead of engaging ordinary commercial banking activities ."
"a strong earthquake shook a hilly southwestern chinese region near the border with laos early sunday , killing at least three people including a child who was crushed by debris injuring hundreds and forcing 120 , 000 people from their homes , state media reported ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn the olympic torch relay ran its course without major incident in indonesia on tuesday , with torch bearers circling a track around jakarta s main sports stadium in front of invited guests and journalists ."
more than 75 percent of ukraine s some 200 coal mines are classified as dangerous due to high methane concentrations .
uefa s edict also applies to atletico s november 26 home game against psv eindhoven and follows violent and racist behavior by fans during a recent match against marseille .
"al zawahiri advises people in iraq and the palestinian territory , mansfield said , and renews his call for young men to join the jihad in iraq and afghanistan ."
"madrid , spain cnn spain s main private abortion clinics began a five day strike tuesday to protest a crackdown on centers accused of carrying out illegal operations ."
he did not indicate whether they planned another biological child or if they would adopt .
to inspire residents to get going .
its gravitational pull keeps planets in orbit around it .
"the woman had not plotted any revenge in the real world , the official said ."
"barack obama sometimes gets ribbed for his outsized ideas , like the massive stage built in denver , colorado , to accept the democratic presidential nomination ."
"the hectic schedule reflects the heightened intensity of the wide open presidential race , as both parties choose candidates for the november election to succeed george w . bush ."
"bishoftu , ethiopia cnn ethiopian farmer fekadu asfaw stood defiantly before an angry veterinarian , having just beaten his four severely malnourished donkeys ."
fellman said the film should stand up well against the more youth oriented films that will fight for the top spot next weekend good luck chuck and resident evil .
season 2 of head case premiers tonight on starz .
advocates worry that victims are divulging too much information .
"more than 200 women and children have been removed from a texas ranch that s home to members of a polygamist sect , but authorities have not identified the girl who called them with allegations of abuse ."
"the move is a highly symbolic one marking a definitive break from policies of previous administrations , correspondents say ."
dagens nyheter said it received the letter from concert organizer ema telstar .
draft likely to be reduced
the prosecution will verify the truth through a fair probe .
"he added , i think it will be a short vacation for mr . laurean ."
"maasdriel is a collection of 11 villages with a population of 24 , 000 ."
"survivors described how the plane smashed through a wall and broke up , before bursting into flames ."
"britney spears threw a baby bottle and threatened two photographers after they took pictures of her leaving a las vegas spa , the photographers said in a statement tuesday ."
"uh , the president elect and his team are under no illusions about iran s behavior and what iran has been doing in the region , and is doing in terms of its own weapons programs ."
"the elah valley , which shares its name with the fortress ."
passengers attempted to escape the flames by jumping from the train as its driver carried on unaware of the blaze spreading through the rear carriages .
many will pay up if doctors deem a prescription medically reasonable and necessary .
seven civilian defense department employees also have been killed .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the main opposition grand national party gnp filed a compliant against the two ministers with the prosecution last month , accusing them of using their public posts to campaign in favor of the ruling uri party ."
british prime minister gordon brown reiterated he would stay away from the december 8 9 meeting in lisbon because of mugabe .
and it s now going 60 bucks for a 50 pound bag .
"istanbul , turkey cnn turkish warplanes and long range missiles attacked kurdish rebel positions in the mountains of northern iraq near the turkish border early sunday , according to turkish military officials ."
"sarkozy has promised to give universities more autonomy , impose tougher sentences on repeat offenders , tighten immigration , make labour laws more flexible and reduce taxation ."
veterans by the thousands and world leaders gathered in france to commemorate the 60th anniversary of d day .
"the fed was . . . the catalyst to get us going here , said phil flynn , an analyst at alaron trading corp . in chicago ."
"it is feared the death toll will rise , with several others reported missing ."
but the world number one shrugged off concerns about his troublesome left knee
"the statement , posted on prime minister ehud olmert s web site , said olmert decided to accept a proposal from security advisers to open the corridor ."
"speaking afterwards , putin said that no caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region a reference to rumors that the u . s . planned to use azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against iran , the associated press reported ."
a power sharing deal between bhutto and musharraf would require pakistan s supreme court to change the country s constitution to allow musharraf to seek a third term .
"the more the surface melts , the faster the ice sheet moves towards the ocean ."
"a man was charged with theft and burglary after police said they found 93 pounds of women s panties , brassieres and other underwear at his home ."
"after new york was beaten in the first round by cleveland last month , the yankees offered him a one year contract with a paycut . insulted , torre turned it down ."
"canberra , australia ap almost half the members of australia s parliament signed a letter to the democrat dominated u . s . congress appealing for help repatriating the lone australian terror suspect held at guantanamo bay , officials said friday ."
watson is credited with discovering the double helix along with maurice wilkins and francis crick in 1962 .
"president syngman rhee , who founded south korea in 1948 after korea s liberation from japanese colonial rule , let lee seok s family live in one of the several royal palaces in seoul , but confiscated its vast assets ."
"indeed , the lack of an american style venture capital system is one of the main reasons why countries such as france , germany , and japan have lagged behind the u . s . economically in recent years ."
of 100 million over the next three years that will include up to 100 staff dismissals .
"largely at the request of the united states , israeli prime minister ehud olmert froze construction in both har homa and pisgat zeev , the israeli newspaper haaretz reported ."
"the world economic forum , an international think tank that groups leading policymakers and economists , is holding a two day meeting in seoul that ends today ."
"world no . 1 woods has endorsed gm products around the world for the past nine years and has been heavily associated with the buick brand in the u . s . , canada and china markets ."
"it is a special day because we re making a new beginning , paisley said . i believe we re starting on a road which will bring us back to peace and to prosperity ."
"kosovo declaration of independence sparked anger in serbia , but picked up quick support from eu nations including germany and the uk ."
"president elect barack obama has reportedly informally offered a job of attorney general to eric holder , who s a former deputy ag ."
"new york cnn dow jones company , inc . vice president paul ingrassia said monday he plans to quit ."
and don t forget the prestige from being the first on the block with a robot smarter than sony s aibo .
"the reality is that john mccain is the presumptive nominee of our party , said campaign spokesman brian rogers . we ll campaign in these upcoming states as long as gov . huckabee is in the race , but our main focus is on uniting the republican party for victory in november ."
"the 24 year old prince , who has spent time in afghanistan as a member of the british army s household cavalry , qualified for the course by flying a light aircraft under instruction , the statement said ."
"it matches the resolution , but not the size , of the screen on apple inc . s iphone , which has emerged as a potent competitor in the smart phone category ."
"one of the two suspects held at glasgow airport on saturday suffered severe burns and remains in critical condition , and under armed police guard , at royal alexandra hospital , in paisley . the links between the three attempted car bombings in glasgow and london are becoming ever clearer , the uk s top counter terrorism officer has said ."
flying with the flu ?
she raised her voice as she described what she feels is the core of pakistan s political problems
the korea herald reports that government officials said yesterday they are investigating a north korean defector on espionage charges after he entered the south as an asylum seeker fleeing the secretive communist state .
"initially , the man gave police several different names but was clearly the man in the newspaper photograph , chamblee police told cnn . a search of his person found a new zealand driver s license bearing the name nai yin xue ."
"i won t bother going to the pub , i will drink at home . i enjoy a beer with a cigarette , it s part of the culture ."
podesta said sunday that preparations for obama s transition have been in the works since early august .
"i don t have enough bleeps to play this on the radio this morning , but christian bayle is getting a lot of play on the internet today for going bat crazy at a cinematographer and anyone who tried to calm him down on the set of the upcoming terminator salvation ."
"his letters are being posted now 90 years to the day to the internet by lamin s grandson , bill ."
"the israelis warned them to stop , but the lebanese forces fired at the israelis , the military sources said ."
"new zealand pm helen clark and norbu tenzing norgay , the son of his climbing partner , lead the tributes ."
"the evening of january 23 , the last day of his assignment , danny pearl went to interview sheik mubarak ali shah gilani ."
"the company hired by the owner to sell it said in court papers it had received a 19 million offer , which the company wanted to accept ."
"sounds like peace talks are getting serious in the middle east , but it also sounds like the fighting is getting even heavier in gaza city , sound of shouting in background where a wounded journalist was rushed to the hospital ."
the democrats co wrote the letter with the major opposition labor party .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
that s about a quarter of them .
"however , a visa is still required for long term stays and work ."
"the damage that we saw , after receiving all the engineering tests and analysis , was not a threat to crew safety , john shannon , deputy shuttle program manager , said last week ."
imagine trying to fend off a wild beast with a stick by yourself
the report also expressed concerns on rising opium production in afghanistan .
"madame tussauds berlin will feature many prominent germans , including former chancellor helmut kohl , current chancellor angela merkel and scientist albert einstein who left germany shortly before hitler took power in 1933 , never to return ."
draft likely to be reduced
"police arrested inspector ravinder kumar singh for allegedly accepting almost 50 , 000 dollars from the ring to release one of its doctors only days before a raid that unveiled the international kidney selling racket ."
he didn t have the breakdown in all the trading between the banks .
"he isn t the only person to have written about a dying man s journey , but his wit and wisdom and choice of words , captured the imagination of his readers ."
"for years , the north has let small scale trading posts , known as farmers markets , operate independently of the state run distribution system ."
"a sign posted on the glass enclosure asks onlookers not to stare at the apes . look away when an animal seeks to make contact with you , or take a step back , it says ."
"the waters off the east african country are notorious for piracy second only to indonesia , both muslim countries ."
"the nation is the most influential media group in east africa and has its origins in two papers set up to give the region a distinctive , national voice as kenya and the surrounding countries geared up for independence ."
excavations began there in june .
"paris hilton is emotionally distraught and traumatized over her 45 day jail sentence and is not capable of testifying in a civil lawsuit against her , the socialite reality tv star s psychiatrist said ."
"unless the u . s . changes their policy toward islam , al qaeda will keep on fighting against u . s ."
"e mail and pen and paper neither has greater communication bandwidth than the other , said charles naquin of depaul university , one of the co authors . yet we still see a dramatic difference ."
"seong kyoung ryung , head of the presidential committee on balanced national development , unveiled the plan at a special lecture hosted by grand national party lawmakers ."
"the new movie co stars cate blanchett as irina spalko , a russian operative with crisp black bangs who s after the crystal skull of akator , an ancient artifact that could help the soviet union dominate the world ."
"the mayor says that the bodies of at least 17 students have been found , as crews frantically search the rubble of what was once a three story building that held classes for children from k , grades k through 12 ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
more than 90 percent of portuguese say they are catholic .
"mrs . reagan is in good spirits , especially comforted to be receiving care from talented doctors in a world class hospital named in honor of her late husband , the statement said ."
"during his opening speech at the 12th apec meeting among finance ministers held in cheju , han , as the chairman of the two day gathering , said that we should now consider filling in the missing links of the pacific economic rim ."
"i cannot promise you that these efforts will produce the results we all are praying for , caldwell said monday ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"milan , italy cnn consumer groups held nationwide protests thursday to draw attention to the burden placed on families by the rising cost of food especially italians beloved staple , pasta ."
the pro government uri party called for naming an independent counsel to investigate the allegations that the former seoul mayor engaged in stock manipulation .
south korean diplomats were hopeful about the group s fate .
the force will be discussed at crisis talks to be held in rome on wednesday .
"mwanawasa sounded one cautious note , however , asking chinese investors to partner with local zambian firms and to give priority to local suppliers for goods and services ."
"but chadian prosecutor alain kagonbe tld bfm tv it was a very merciful ruling , and if that ruling had been rendered by the french justice system it would have been the same ."
the former prime minister reiterated his demand for musharraf to step down and for a government of national unity to take power and oversee the february 18 parliamentary elections .
documents provided from the office of choi show that then president george h . w .
"the blast killed at least 31 people and injured 25 , a baghdad police official said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the countries facing the most serious problems are those that import a majority of their gas from russia .
they don t discuss problems
other companies are also eyeing the potentially lucrative market of helping the weak and old get around .
"but as a saying here goes , when it comes to children s education , korean parents don t care whether they jump in water or fire ."
french anti racism laws prevent inciting hatred and discrimination on racial or religious or racial grounds .
draft likely to be reduced
"i think the fuel crisis in the uk has touched a common nerve , he said . everyone is talking about it , so i don t think he ll turn a deaf ear to it this time ."
israeli prime minister ehud olmert said monday he will release 250 fatah members from israeli prisons in a goodwill gesture aimed at strengthening palestinian president mahmoud abbas after hamas victory in gaza .
"our crisis management has improved substantially , said yasuhiro itakura of the cabinet office in charge of the program ."
you can t guarantee that the lights will be visible because it s a natural phenomenon .
"on sunday , four days after it closed all but one passage because of palestinian rocket attacks ."
"a smaller experiment two years ago in the phoenix area found the faux speed bumps slowed traffic , at least temporarily ."
"next on the agenda are fuel oil for north korea , the declaration and disabling of its nuclear programs , and the disbursement of more aid , hill said , according to ap ."
"the couple plan a 3 , 000 mile horse race across north africa to draw attention to the cause of peace ."
"the german company has declared the event will help put it in the no . 1 position in china by 2008 , a coveted spot now held by shoe giant nike ."
"cairo , egypt ap a presidential decree making christmas which falls on tuesday on egypt s coptic christian calendar a national holiday is focusing attention on relations between christians and muslims in this overwhelmingly islamic country ."
"the national tax service has launched an unexpected special tax probe into kim chang , the nation s largest law firm , according to sources familiar with the move ."
canadian company trufflepig is a bespoke travel firm that caters for high end travelers and those with a demanding disposition to be shown something exceptional .
state department spokesman tom casey declined to confirm the blair appointment but said the quartet discussed the issue at a meeting in jerusalem tuesday .
"a lebanese security source told the israeli newspaper , haaretz , that suspected palestinian gunmen carried out the attack ."
"my friends are very happy , pailin jampapong , a 41 year old bangkok housekeeper , told the associated press as she jumped up and down ."
the number of prostitutes on italian streets has increased dramatically in recent years and the vatican earlier this week called for new laws to punish clients of prostitution .
"the other guild nominees were bill condon for the musical dreamgirls , jonathan dayton and valerie faris for the road trip tale little miss sunshine , stephen frears for the palace saga the queen and alejandro gonzalez inarritu for the ensemble drama babel ."
"in a milestone , the tribunal opened its doors tuesday for its first public courtroom proceeding ."
the top diplomats in charge of the talks gathered at the daioyutai state guesthouse in beijing throughout the day with occasional recesses to discuss once again each member country s positions .
"snow queen riesch won the slalom event on the panorama course at semmering , austria , last monday and also triumphed at la molina in spain ."
morale was just terrible
"but many awards watchers feel this is scorsese s year , labeling him the front runner for the february 25 oscars ."
new orleans last residents are being urged to leave the swamped city as fires add to the hazards there .
"the two injured men , 19 and 23 year old brothers from san jose , were reported in stable condition at a san francisco hospital ."
"for one person , the idea of spending a cold winter s night alone seems great"
"but ankara has been resolute in saying that , unless it hears concrete measures the united states will take against the rebel kurdistan workers party , or pkk , it will launch an attack ."
"the strong yen hit japanese exporters , such as toyota motor corp and sony corp ."
harper s government will table a progress report on the mission in afghanistan in parliament later monday .
"on the u . s . list of candidates for negotiations on a free trade pact , korea is the most likely candidate to start talks , said jeffrey schott , a senior research fellow at the washington based institute for international economics ."
two people in a life raft spotted after a helicopter heading to an offshore oil platform went down in the atlantic off the canadian coast .
"for some products , the two countries enforce different standards , li said of china and the united states , also citing inaccurate statistics ."
i was loved that night .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
but thymus activity reduces after puberty .
the officials said obama is increasing his goal from 2 . 5 million to 3 million jobs over the next two years after receiving projections early this week that suggest the recession will be deeper than expected .
"there are salmonella strains resistant to six different classes of antibiotics , noted becky goldburg , senior scientist at new york based environmental defense ."
"roh also was to meet premier wen jiabao and wu bangguo , chairman of china s legislature , and visit shanghai during his four day visit ."
"lebron james , cleveland s preordained king , isn t quite ready for his ."
"this is one of my favorite events and playing feliciano is always tough , said nadal , who had his left shoulder taped after complaining of pain in recent days ."
"he said he d been speculating on the financial markets and had lost everything , so he . . . wanted to spare his family the shame , braunsperger said ."
there are scattered success stories around sichuan province but as time goes on they will be fewer .
the video was still on gossip web site gawker . com on tuesday .
"the bulk of the effort will have to come from vehicle motor technology through an average fleet target for new cars , insisted eu spokesman johannes laitenberger , stressing the overall target is still 120 grams ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the project , entitled kingdom city , will span 23 million square meters 248 million square feet and will include luxury homes , hotels and offices ."
the 1879 battles of isandlwana and rourkes drift .
hanso devi moved to new delhi from rajasthan with just one hope
palestinian militants eluding an army crackdown killed two israeli children in a rocket attack from gaza on wednesday and israeli troops killed seven palestinians in raids in the coastal strip and the west bank .
"the increase reported wednesday resulted not from a large number of new cases but from improved surveillance by state health departments in response to the outbreak and from the fact that laboratories completed analyzing previously submitted samples , said dr . david acheson , associate commissioner for foods at the food and drug administration ."
the nasdaq lost 8 . 5 percent and the s p nine percent .
no disease free population in tasmania the only place in the world where the carnivorous marsupials exist outside zoos .
"jupiter doesn t stay the same color all the time . we are just lucky it is going through what we call a global upheaval , meaning the belts and bands are changing color at the same time ."
4 new rules travelers should know for 2009
"rivera , who won miss world caribbean in 2005 , had been a target of controversy from the start of competition , as rivals complained she was too experienced and should be disqualified ."
"previous research has suggested that the first stages of romantic love fade within 15 months and after 10 years it has gone completely , the newspaper said ."
"trusts must deliver clean , safe treatment to every patient , every time and where senior management and trust boards fail to act ,"
"the overall mortality rate for 2006 was 137 deaths per 100 , 000 residents ."
i just came out there hitting and fighting for every point . in the end it worked out for me .
republican john mccain who agreed to federal financing is restricted to spending just 84 million on his entire campaign .
"apart from the vice presidency , analysts say , there are several roles clinton could potentially fill ."
"in the current decade , 46 million people are expected to die of aids in the 53 most affected countries , and that figure is projected to ascend to 278 million by 2050 , the forecast said ."
"the rebooting of our democracy has begun , said andrew rasiej , founder of personal democracy forum and the techpresident blog . obama has the potential to transform the relationship between the american public and their democracy ."
the defense closed yesterday by arguing simpson was the target of people with ulterior motives and police out to get him .
an 8 year old limit on using federal money to finance embryonic stem cell research could come to an end on monday
"earlier , in karrada , car bombs exploded at a supermarket and at a government facility where identity cards are issued , killing nine people , three of them police officers , the official said . the blasts also wounded 28 people ."
"cvs stores planned to stop selling the withdrawn products and store brand equivalents , it said ."
he told xinhua he blindly followed them .
south africa s police director govindsamy mariemuthoo said 22 people had been killed in the past week .
"the anime inspired playnation room , by adriaan koster and menno schenk , sports psychedelic swirls and patterns on the walls , and a giant 3 d gold robot in the corner ."
"washington president bush and israeli prime minister ehud olmert on tuesday sought to bolster palestinian president mahmoud abbas in his battle with hamas for primacy , calling him a moderate voice and the only true leader of the palestinian people ."
"raiders fans are thrilled over the return of karen allen as marion , while shia labeouf plays indy s new sidekick , mutt williams ."
"in a rare display of anger toward hezbollah , the highest sunni spiritual authority in lebanon criticized the group of taking advantage of the strike by turning it into a political opportunity and accused members of fomenting violence in beirut ."
"kim c . bush , president of baxter s vaccine unit , said the company was not involved in indonesia s decision , which has raised fears that global research into the virus could be hampered ."
"escape 2 africa , and it s not just because we moviegoing humans met that animated animal , voiced by ben stiller , just three years ago in the original land in africa instead , is how much alex has in common with stiller s tugg speedman in tropic thunder ."
"jenkins also said that after initially defecting to the north , he lived with other u . s . deserters , and they were forced to criticize one another s capitalism and beat each other ."
miss california this morning she is still trying to explain those semi nude photos
"the difference between the two days really struck 43 year old seo jeong hwa , who joined the seoul event with her 17 year old daughter ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"this could lead to treatments for conditions where t cells have been depleted , such as aids , and after chemotherapy ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"one of the other paintings is at the metropolitan museum of art in new york , while another was sold at auction in 1992 for 12 . 1 million and is in a private collection ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"they sell their lettuces , peppers , tomatoes and other produce to an on campus grocery store and at a farmers market ."
"chung mong joon of the ruling grand national party , who had aspirations to the presidency in 2002 but withdrew from the race at the last minute , said in an e mailed statement that he has decided to run in seoul s dongjak b district , where former unification minister chung dong young is standing as a candidate of the main opposition united democratic party udp ."
it looks and feels like it s legitimate e mail because it s from your co workers .
his attacker was not detained .
"we heard about 35 , 40 shots , and on our way our we did see someone down by the escalator , bleeding , jennifer cramer told ketv ."
the self deprecating scorsese said he was pleased at the apparent success of the film but that he only became convinced it was doing well when the studio called with box office revenues from the first couple of weekends .
another grim economic forecast this morning .
"the court has unfrozen us 400 , 000 of the 26 million seized from kim gyeong jun , a naturalized u . s . citizen wanted in seoul on embezzlement and other charges ."
each country accuses the other of supporting armed rebel groups that cross the border to attempt to destabilize the government .
"after tuesday s court appearance , lindsey said his appearance was in support of nowak like we would any employee at nasa if they were to get into this situation ."
"amid frustrations over the inability to enact a gaza security plan , al qawasmi had tendered his resignation to haniya a few weeks ago , but the prime minister did not accept it ."
"the comics with playfully drawn figures have sought to explain european countries , the u . s . , japan and even korea itself ."
any sunni reluctance to yield their status to the majority shiites could stand in the way of democracy .
"bush , in his taped weekly radio address , said president pervez musharraf recognized the failings of the north waziristan agremeent and was taking action ."
he also wants to write a book and speak out against the death penalty .
"two indicators of the state of the war in iraq appeared favorable in november , when fewer fighters entered iraq from neighboring countries and fewer iraqi civilians killed , according to two reports on sunday ."
"the government continued to monitor , harass , detain , arrest , and imprison journalists , internet writers , and bloggers ."
"he received the late pope john paul ii in athens in 2001 on the first papal visit to greece in nearly 1 , 300 years ."
"the bulletin of the atomic scientists , which keeps the clock , set the hands at 11 53 , two minutes ahead of the time it has had since 1998 ."
"indeed , if successfully built , the space elevator would be an unprecedented feat of human engineering ."
"mandela , who turns 90 on july 18 , has visited london many times , and has expressed gratitude to the city for the constant vigil that was held outside the south african embassy during the apartheid years ."
"mothers , who are traditionally a major consumer force in korea , have lately become more frugal , said lim eun kyung , team leader of a consumer group at the seoul ymca ."
"language itself is also an issue , because spanish is not the dominant language everywhere in spain ."
lensky was handed over to authorities in vienna when the flight landed .
"villavicencio , colombia cnn with its fearsome record of kidnapping and violence , colombia s largest guerrilla army might seem a nightmare group to encounter . but not to oliver stone ."
the market is awaiting for signs about the future direction for monetary policy from comments by outgoing bank of japan governor toshihiko fukui expected later in the day .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the county s public safety director , paul whitten , says they re not giving up"
"speaking in abu dhabi , the third stop of his tour of arab allies , bush said shi ite muslim iran was the world s number one sponsor of terrorism and accused it of undermining peace by supporting the hezbollah guerrilla group in lebanon , palestinian islamist group hamas and shi ite militants in iraq ."
there s a petite new contender ready to tackle america s problems of foreign oil dependency and urban congestion .
"serb jankovic , who had saved five match points in her battling second round victory over sweden s sofia arvidsson , will now face the winner of the final quarterfinal between russian duo dinara safina and vera zvonareva ."
"it s awards season in hollywood , which means that the entertainment industry is offering a flurry of self congratulatory honors over the next two months ."
defectors in south korea say they usually bribe border guards to cross the border .
our ed donahue is here live to tell us about it
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
he said that congress did not have the political willpower to tackle social security at the time because the program was not facing an imminent funding crisis .
one was killed near diwaniya shortly after midnight . six u . s . soldiers and an iraqi interpreter died in an attack in western baghdad .
apple ceo steve jobs boasted about the company s strong results .
"planned cuts at the company , which had 66 , 000 employees at the end of 2006 , will be made by the end of the year , according to motorola , which did not provide specifics on the break down of the lay offs ."
"ross suspended , while bbc executive quits over abuse calls"
obama s urban chic wardrobe is a style turn from the sometimes matronly choices made by other first ladies .
"marmon is owned by trusts for the benefits of the pritzker family of chicago , the family that developed the hyatt hotel chain ."
"the vatican police force , currently about 150 strong , protects the pope and other vatican officials during public appearances , travel with the pope and deal with crimes inside the vatican ."
boeing says britain s virgin atlantic airways will buy 15 of boeing s new carbon composite 787 dreamliner jets in an order valued at about 2 . 8 billion at list prices .
"as everyone began to leave at about 1 p . m . 1000 gmt , the militants detonated explosive devices and began opening fire ."
the shutdown comes amid other supply outages that have helped to support oil against a strengthening dollar .
the supreme public prosecutor s office said that lee was questioned over the source of 13 billion won presumed to be part of chun s undisclosed money .
"a man angry that a family was talking during a movie threw popcorn at the son and then shot the father in the arm , according to police in philadelphia , pennsylvania ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
they had then been packed into an airtight container on a truck for the journey to the resort island of phuket .
i went to lay down on the mri machine and i got a real bad pain on my right side below my eye .
"the coins bear a likeness of heraclius , who was the byzantine emperor from 610 to 641 ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"ken wharfe , who was diana s personal protection officer from 1987 to 1993 , told a british coroner s inquest that tensions with photographers could have been eased by setting up a brief photo of the princess with her boyfriend , dodi fayed ."
"diagrams of the chamber are based on data gathered over five years , starting in 2002 , using radar and other remote sensing technologies , the news agency said ."
"mccartney , who has spent the last week in court trying to settle his acrimonious divorce from heather mills , closed the show with a crowd pleasing medley of hits , including hey jude and live and let die a song he co wrote with his deceased first wife linda ."
shanghai s composite index fell 5 . 1 percent .
in 1993 they published a comparison of educational attainment ratios for 129 countries between 1960 and 1985 .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"but he said strong growth over the past two years and the creation of millions of new jobs provided a new momentum , a new basis for further growth ."
he added a more in depth probe is required to say whether politicians fell victim to illegal bugging under kim s rule between 1998 and 2003 .
"the author , whose steamy sex novels set among black professionals have propelled her onto the new york times list of best sellers , says if she could do it over , she d have chosen a less provocative pseudonym ."
our beer keeps us glued to these bar chairs .
the south korean won rose about 9 percent against the greenback last year .
rebel soldiers separately attacked prime minister xanana gusmao s motorcade an hour later .
some say that putting clinton on the ticket might fit the bill for uniting democrats .
pressure has been growing on the military junta since its bloody suppression of pro democracy protests last month .
i m not afraid of touching shoulders with other riders and fighting for a place on a wheel . i like the fear and thrills of sprinting .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the letter suggests congress pass a resolution insisting that the 31 year old alleged taliban fighter be immediately repatriated to stand trial in australia .
police believe the teenager had been held against his will in a town about sixty miles east of san francisco .
"but correspondents say sunday s violence underlines the fragile , reversible nature of the apparent improvements in security ."
"just days away from the florida primary , rudy giuliani has lost his grip on the state he once called crucial to his presidential chances ."
the football association which codified the basic rules of the modern game was established in london the following year .
viruses actually need population density as fuel .
"the shuttle s flight control system , used to steer atlantis once it re enters the atmosphere , checked out fine on wednesday ."
this could explain why bees in australia may be resistant to colony collapse .
barbra streisand recently hit the headlines in britain when tickets to her upcoming show at the 02 venue in london went on sale for up to 600 pounds each .
"the six , some of whom were in the us illegally , were due to appear in court in camden , new jersey , on tuesday ."
"in the deadliest attack , a roadside bomb struck a military vehicle on thursday in northeastern baghdad , killing five u . s . soldiers , three iraqi civilians and an iraqi interpreter ."
"he still faces trial in arizona on eight charges of sexual conduct with a minor , incest and conspiracy ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
humans would not survive in the wild alone
"at least three dozen vehicles were involved in the two pileups , steeber said ."
french police arrested the couple after a dna test by french authorities positively identified them as the parents of the newborn babies .
"a sarcophagus or at least an inscription of the queen , he said ."
"by next spring or summer , however , such a move might be possible if enough progress is made , he said ."
two people were killed days earlier in the bombing of a venerated muslim shrine in the neighboring state of rajasthan .
"the nobel peace prize winner has been held by burma s military junta , mostly under house arrest , for 12 of the past 18 years ."
"boarding his plane in london , sharif said that if he was arrested upon arrival , that would be a small price to pay for the country s freedom ."
the frantic search continues for children thought trapped in what was once their school in haiti .
"if the only criteria is longevity in washington , then she s certainly not going to beat john mccain on that , he said ."
frank told moscow police he was driving near downtown early saturday while a man and woman were having sex in the rear of the vehicle .
"today , however , the park is near the break even point ."
"mr . simba makoni is just as guilty as part of the zanu pf elite which has destroyed our country , tsvangirai said . he as an individual may have some residue of respect , but they are guilty by omission and by commission over the last 30 years ."
clouded leopards from the mainland have fewer and fainter markings within large clouds on their skin .
"the 4 , 500 pages cover sightings that were reported from 1986 through 1992 ."
"a new study has found that pregnant women who consumed more than 200 milligrams of caffeine a day , equivalent to about two cups of coffee , had twice the risk of miscarriage as the women who consumed no caffeine at all ."
"the company said it also planned to ask for compensation from the union for losses it suffered during the strike , which was part of a job action called by an umbrella labor group to protest three assembly bills dealing with part time and temporary workers ."
the korean bar association yesterday demanded supreme court chief justice lee yong hun resign over his controversial remarks criticizing the work ethic of lawyers and prosecutors in recent meetings with high court judges .
"chess opens a nightclub , where the performances sometimes end in gunfire , and when the club burns down , he starts to record the new sounds he s been featuring there ."
"according to government statistics , there were 18 , 528 murders in 2004 more than 50 per day ."
"david johnson practices computer law in washington , d . c ."
"the daily mail also published photos of winehouse together with her husband , blake fielder civil , after the alleged fight ."
"the f a 18d plane , which authorities described as disabled , was trying to land at marine corps air station miramar ."
but he faces being sidelined for this year s world championship road race and next year s olympics .
southern japan has been lashed by a powerful typhoon that triggered landslides and floods and killed at least four people .
"you ll probably see in the next two to three months , at least one or possibly two months with 300 , 000 job losses ."
but she conceded the sides were far apart and offered no specific proposal to get long stalled peace talks moving again .
iraqi government officials call mosul the last big urban stronghold for al qaeda in iraq .
"last summer , in one of the first democratic events of its kind , the party s leading presidential candidates discussed their faith and how it has spared their policy positions in a forum co sponsored by cnn ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"pakistan , a key ally of the united states in its war on terror , has been hit by numerous bomb attacks this year ."
"the nomination of zubkov , who has overseen investigations into suspicious financial transactions , caught much of the political elite off guard , which appeared to be putin s intention ."
"the h5n1 avian influenza virus is not transmitted to humans through properly prepared and cooked food even if contaminated with the virus prior to cooking , according the who web site ."
"al maliki reiterated his intention to go after any or all entities that foment violence , including the militia of a supporter , shiite cleric muqtada al sadr ."
police lieutenant pat buchanan says pardo began shooting as soon as the door opened .
"in japan , family ties tend to be strong and the nightmare of bad debts can spread to relatives , who often co sign loans ."
"beijing film productions , in the biographic epic that covers the final 20 years of deng s life , is also attempting to answer some outstanding questions about his legacy to the nation ."
"after kennedy spoke , obama told the boisterous crowed"
"during the interview , craig either disagreed with me or didn t recall the events as they happened ."
many have sought refuge at police stations .
"she declined to say how many police officers were involved in the investigation , on the ground that it could jeopardize the inquiry ."
"the two envoys are expected to sign the trade pact later in the day , a deal would allow direct shipping links across the taiwan strait and would further expand the number of weekly passenger flights from 36 to 108 ."
"coomaraswamy , the top u . n . envoy on children and armed conflict , said the monitoring has produced results , but that more needed to be done ."
sen . john mccain swept all four nominating contests on tuesday to become the republican presidential nominee .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"in a monthly seminar hosted by the institute for global economics ige , vershbow said that korea will have to pay the bill for its aging society and reduce the gap between the haves and have nots , and that the fta could help in paying for the enormous cost of solving the two problems ."
"also , iraq is an arab country , the majority are arabs , but this also will not justify for the arab countries to interfere in iraq ."
"by 2050 , it projects that three out of four countries in less developed regions will have fertility levels below replacement levels ."
the american filmmaker is jumping at a chance to meet with a group the u . s . classifies as a terrorist organization .
flying with the flu ?
that completed her hat trick after hitting the target in the 57th and 70th minutes
"we had no idea of the gravity of the situation , or we would ve stopped the show ."
but correspondents say the chinese see the document as a potential threat to their economic growth .
"last week , the husband and his friends moved his belongings to one side of the house and sawed and chiseled it off , said the reporter , who interviewed the village chief and neighbors ."
"undp chairman oh chung il said , lee has no qualification to be the president because he has suspicion after suspicion . oh urged lee to bring kim back to seoul so that he can reveal the truth ."
"the andromeda strain , his first major fiction success , involves an alien microorganism that s studied in a special military compound after causing death in a nearby community ."
apple tv is designed to move digital content from a user s computer to a tv set and is anticipated to be a highly competitive product in the growing crop of offerings that deliver internet based videos to the television .
"he argues , for example , that people used to do much better in picking anglicized names for themselves , which hong kong chinese have long done ."
from the guatemalan border .
south korea is not shifting its foreign currency reserves out of the dollar .
this came shortly after she returned to seoul to face an investigation .
"about 40 percent of the more than 5 , 600 participants said it was very likely , somewhat likely or somewhat unlikely that hiv could be transmitted by sharing a glass ."
the u . s . federal reserve cut a key interest rate by half a percentage point to 1 percent wednesday in an effort to spur economic activity .
"as of tuesday , no letters from harry lamin have been posted this year"
"i feel by being a neutralist in this area , in my actual field of endeavor i can be more effective ."
toronto mayor david miller also called for a ban on hand guns .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"kim choong bae , president of the korea institute for defense analyses , disclosed a past survey of 250 kma entrants to single out the country s main enemy while serving as the military academy s superintendent in 2004 ."
"what is really important after that is to go through a process of re establishing links with the population , with the people who have been affected ."
francoise barre sinoussi and luc montagnier of france were honored for their discovery of human immunodeficiency virus .
"air force one landed in baghdad international airport in the afternoon , local time , after a secretive saturday night departure from washington , an 11 hour flight ."
"because it is a solid , nothing has spilled out of the railcars , trinidad said ."
"the thing i never expected was to actually be in libya face to face with colonel gadhafi , rice said . that probably stands out as one of the extraordinary moments ."
"in higher elevations of upstate new york , 13 inches of snow was possible ."
"after police stopped using the water cannons , the crowd regrouped , and video of the scene showed a peaceful mood , with people waving flags and chanting as night fell ."
"human beings may have had a brush with extinction 70 , 000 years ago , an extensive genetic study suggests ."
"the changing strategy isn t just confined to diyala , according to u . s . officials . gen . david petraeus , commander of u . s . forces in iraq , told cnn thursday that tribal forces in anbar , the restive sunni province west of the iraqi capital , have decided to oppose al qaeda and fight with the coalition forces against them ."
"galetzka is now examining the evidence that his team believes indicates the arrival another giant earthquake , and possible tsunami ."
"if it fails to reach escape velocity , it will crash back to earth ."
the wedding itself was preceded by a surprise bridal shower for janick .
cars must be left in parking lots near the main square .
"dramatically played out on live television , an opposition politician and rebel military officers surrendered to government forces after taking over a luxury hotel in manila ."
the rebel group has fought for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka for more than two decades .
"i think saturday will be important , put the michigan florida issue behind us , obama said wednesday on a flight from denver , colorado , to chicago , illinois ."
"evening standard journalist rashid razaq , who flew to morocco from london , said he had seen the youngster on wednesday , the uk s press association said ."
the poll also revealed about a quarter of respondents felt the need to answer their phone even if it interrupts a meal or a meeting .
"the 3 d markings are appealing because , at 60 to 80 each , they cost a fraction of real speed bumps which can run 1 , 000 to 1 , 500 and require little maintenance , said richard simon , deputy regional administrator for the highway safety administration ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
consumer healthcare products association is a trade group representing u . s . manufacturers and distributors of over the counter medications and nutritional supplements .
"rice will hold a dinner monday evening for all the delegations at the state department , and bush will speak ."
flying with the flu ?
"after surgery and a year of wrenching treatment with the drug interferon , reagan was optimistic ."
the united states was ranked 51st .
the associated press reported that small chips of debris fell from the ceiling .
"the head of the ministry of railways , liu zhijun , was headed to the site to oversee rescue efforts , the web site of the shandong government said ."
5 . ban the beanie babies
"the argentine cabinet chief , alberto fernandez , criticized the decision ."
"cialella then approached the family from the left side of the aisle and shot the father , who was not identified , as he was standing between cialella and his family , according to the police report ."
"an increase in carbon dioxide favors the trees production of carbon based anti nutrients over nutrients , so leaves can become toxic to koalas , hume said ."
"the movement s next landmark moment was in 1961 when british lawyer peter benenson wrote a newspaper appeal , the forgotten prisoners , calling for an international campaign to fight the imprisonment of people for their political and religious beliefs ."
"1 next year , following the controversial abolishment of the age old patriarchal family headship known as hoju ."
"i can t tell you , he said . i know what i want it to be , but fox has some ideas of their own ."
"neither goal was accomplished , and halutz has already resigned ."
"what s being pledged is 2 trillion over the next decade , if the president can get congress to go along with a plan for universal health coverage ."
"henman , who will turn 33 on september 6 , was forced to pull out of this week s atp event in new haven ."
"that is the inevitable reply when i ask the kids to take out the trash , clean up their rooms or , while on vacation , pose for a family picture ."
"alex tamba teh , a soft spoken pastor and teacher , recounted watching young boys methodically hack off the hands and feet of another teenager , hearing the terrorized screams of women being raped , stepping over corpses too many to count and being forced to help unload weapons for sierra leone rebels from a liberian helicopter ."
"japanese companies tend not to have sales forces outside japan , so they license rights to drugs only for the japanese market ."
"the diamond has received the highest possible grading , sotheby s said ."
"even if a child asks for a pony , santa always knows that the parents probably don t have room for a pony , but santa has to make the child feel good about it ."
"and not giving them wages , heng said , according to the shiyan evening news . the dead man had nothing to do with me ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the obamas will then greet the public at an open house in the white house .
the un believes gaza s 1 . 5m inhabitants face serious hardship and one of its officials said unheated hospitals were having to rely on generators for operations .
"it s our obligation to move the process forward to give these people their rights , he said . we are going to give them rights that are virtually identical to the rights we provide to our military members ."
"beijing has accused the dalai lama of being behind the demonstrations the biggest against china for 20 years , which have left several people dead ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
it means he has just posted new cyworld content .
"although the south koreans identified themselves as diplomats , chinese police pinned the arms of two of the diplomats behind their backs and dragged them away from the school , according to witnesses ."
4 . how often are performance evaluations conducted and who is in charge of them ?
"chen said beijing had to talk to the leader chosen by the people of taiwan , and he was sending a personal message to hu through an envoy ."
charles ehrlich and clarence stewart also entered a not guilty plea .
"sporting were reduced to 10 men when rui patricio was sent off for pulling down krkic bojan , the youngster getting up to slot home the resulting penalty in the 73rd minute to round off the scoring ."
"turkish forces were shelling the guerrillas escape routes after the attack outside the southeastern province of sirnak , near turkey s border with northern iraq s kurdish territories , the military said in a statement issued after sunday s attack ."
state officials said motorists who try to take alternate routes monday instead of relying on public transportation would face nightmarish commutes .
"in a clear case of technology trumping utility , major korean broadcasting companies will begin land based mobile television services today , allowing people on the move to view multimedia broadcasting programs via cell phones and other communication devices ."
but he emphasized that there was no indication the virus had mutated .
"the yale team is starting tests with monkeys , but has no results yet , hamlin said ."
among the areas under threat are the christian communities on the island of sulawesi that he says attacked muslims .
"it marked the second deadly attack on pilgrims sunday , the official said ."
"thirteen blasts in all , killing at least 61 people and injuring hundreds ."
"he dipped his right pinky in ink , collected his paper receipt from the voting machine and then gave an uncharacteristically short talk with the news media ."
"if he makes money available to joe kinnear , and he spends it wisely , that s all the supporters will care about , said the ex defender ."
"people magazine reported that spears was spotted saturday driving in her white mercedes convertible with her sons , sean preston , 2 , and jayden james , 1 ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"it ended up buried six centimetres beneath the skin , close to his left lung ."
"the senator from arizona used cinco de mayo as a launching pad for a new spanish language web site on monday , and he emphasized his stance on immigration and border security as he tried to court the hispanic vote ."
"despite the u . s . propaganda iran has not relinquished its right to the nuclear fuel cycle and it never will do so , said the cleric , who is secretary general of iran s top security body , the supreme national security council ."
"aircell licensed a band three times the size of livetv s for 31 million and plans to offer broader internet services , including web surfing , for about 10 a flight what boeing had charged for the first hour ."
the candidates are putting in a frantic pace as they campaign in these final days before the presidential election .
"the controversy surrounding the film has helped stir interest , with some republican leaning groups attempting to block its distribution ."
"it also travels through almost 30 tunnels , including the 6 . 2 mile moffat tunnel , which passes underneath the continental divide ."
"countless small , often illegally run operations exist across china and make money cutting corners by using inexpensive ingredients or unsavory substitutes ."
"i m not surprised anymore by what people lose , says the custodian , veteran police officer nobuo hasuda as he pads along the cramped paths between caches of wheelchairs , snow shoes , motorcycle helmets , trumpets , porno videos ."
"leroy cain , the lead flight director in mission control , assured reporters friday that engineers had concluded any damage was considered minor and posed no safety hazard ."
"instead , chirac said , the danger lies in the chances of proliferation or an arms race in the middle east should iran build a nuclear bomb ."
"troops in baghdad on tuesday detained two wanted people and another suspect in an effort to disrupt the car bombing network in baghdad , the military said ."
and not just to resume the same old tactics of talking for the sake of talking .
fabio grosso scored the winning goal after france s david trezeguet missed .
but the international court of justice did rule that belgrade had violated international law by failing to prevent the 1995 massacre at srebrenica .
"hamas , which currently controls gaza , opposed negotiations and supports continued armed resistance against israel ."
"from the brothels of bangkok to the sidewalks of manila , the train stations of moscow to the truck routes of tanzania , the suburbs of new york to the beaches of mexico , the outrageous is commonplace , the report said ."
"the talks began tuesday and could yield some results , including increased u . s . airline flights to china and a lowering of barriers to sales of american energy technology products in china ."
"that would bring the total number of forces being added in iraq to between 35 , 000 and 48 , 000 troops , the report said ."
"for example , the assessment points out women can hide explosives in prosthetic devices that mimic the look of pregnancy ."
"the decision by the law lords effectively changes british law , giving victims of deliberate assault the right to sue after the current six year limit expires , the woman and her attorney said ."
"on thursday , the faa initiated actions to seek a 10 . 2 million civil penalty against southwest for allegedly operating 46 airplanes without conducting mandatory checks for fuselage cracking ."
for prax sanchez the first sign of trouble was strong pain on the right side of his face .
"commercial flights to the french capital were sold out , while thousands of england supporters have booked to travel on the eurostar rail service from london to paris ."
he won national notoriety for harshly attacking lee in tv addresses and discussions during the presidential campaign .
"but so far this year , it looks like disney s parks will bounce back strongly ."
"hussein was executed shortly after being convicted on charges of killing 148 shiite men and boys in dujail , north of baghdad , after a botched assassination attempt in 1982 ."
the tokyo police have set up a special team to crack down on yami kinyu or racket lenders .
finally tonight at 8 30 1600 gmt
the order expands similar sanctions imposed in 2004 .
an estimated 40 people escaped the burning wreckage .
"the company uses this information to make money by selling advertisements , but people who are used to browsing anonymously around stores or channel hopping on tv find it unnerving to realise that in a digital world , their every move is recorded ."
"the trial , which resumed amid fresh violence , was adjourned until march 12th ."
"but in announcing the listing , secretary of the interior dirk kempthorne said the decision should not be misused to regulate global climate change ."
"the government has decided to officially request that the u . s . government extend the time period in which it would reduce usfk by 12 , 500 men by at least a year , according to the chosun ilbo ."
the top u . s . military officer in south korea reaffirmed yesterday that united states forces korea has no nuclear weapons on the korean peninsula since washington fully supports the 1992 inter korean denuclearization accord .
"using this method , marcy s team has discovered 28 new planets orbiting other stars in the past year ."
australian pm john howard has written to the indonesian president to protest against the release of radical muslim cleric abu bakar ba asyir .
chung s latest rating stood at slightly over 14 percent .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the zoo is expected to reopen thursday , but the lion house , the zoo s big cat exhibit , will remain closed until we get a better understanding of what actually happened ."
"that attack killed 3 american soldiers , 2 from latvia , and 4 afghan troops ."
sen . hillary clinton s bid for the white house suffered a blow thursday when michigan s state senate adjourned without passing a bill to schedule a new democratic primary .
"born in 1960 in villa fiorito , maradona went on to almost single handedly take his country to world cup final glory in 1986 and then back to the final four years later where they were beaten by west germany ."
"the note on it was signed , the educators ."
can it really be 20 years ago that ibm included the above paragraph in a book it handed out to every employee ?
clinton on tuesday acknowledged her white house bid is on the line in pennsylvania .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"while she briefly held the no . 1 spot this year , the time away led her to slide in the rankings and she finished the season at no . 9 ."
"china s gross domestic product for the first nine months of 2008 increased by 9 . 9 percent , 2 . 3 percent lower than last year , china s state council information office said ."
the project to divert the water took nearly a week .
"new mexico s high school dropout rate is 33 , north carolina is 28 ."
"another suspect , identified as bilal abdulla , a 27 year old iraqi doctor , is in police custody along with six other suspects ."
"other partner companies plan to incorporate dataplay discs in digital cameras and small handheld movie viewers , to be released later this year ."
"the american , who lost in the first round at roland garros the last two years , retired from the semifinals of the rome masters on may 10 ."
"condoleezza rice talks successes , failures of past 8 years"
what do they want to prove ?
"they separated in november 2005 , citing irreconcilable differences , according to court papers ."
concern is mounting over north korea s seeming determination to press ahead with reactivating its mothballed nuclear facility in defiance of an international agreement .
"federer , who said he had been thinking about a change for some time , added that he had the experience to go into the next two grand slam tournaments without help ."
"at roanoke memorial hospital , one patient was in serious condition with gunshot wounds , spokesman eric earnhart said ."
"however , ancelotti said after the dubai date that beckham is still not at his best after more than two months without a game ."
"flames and smoke poured from the taj early thursday , and several explosions were heard at the building ."
"over the weekend , a u . n . committee decided to call on nations to ban all forms of human cloning incompatible with respecting human dignity and protecting human life under apparent pressure from the bush administration ."
"but harris , who lost his house as a result , says the real issues are california s constitutional guarantee of privacy and the state s forfeiture law ."
"chugai took a major hit when its american partner , genetics institute , lost a patent fight with amgen for u . s . rights to epo , a lucrative anti anemia drug ."
"the korea times reports that after a 10 minute ceremony that started with a gun salute in horse guards parade by the king s troop , royal horse artillery , roh was guided into the majestic palace with the queen in a procession of open carriages ."
"hurling shoes at someone , or sitting so that the bottom of a shoe faces another person , is considered an insult among muslims ."
he has accused the 84 year old ruler in power since independence in 1980 of plotting a campaign of violence to stay in office .
"the eastward winds have long spurred protests from residents of korea and japan , who have faced similar , if milder , dust epidemics from china ."
the little red wagon has gone 2 . 0 .
"separately , the korea alliance against the korea u . s . fta , a coalition of about 300 civic groups , also rallied in 13 major cities including seoul , busan , gwangju , daegu , daejeon and jeju ."
"the supreme public prosecutors office acknowledged the yesterday that it is developing a system that could track criminal suspects by their internet protocol , or ip , addresses , but said it would not be used for round the clock monitoring of certain web sites ."
"federal reserve s pump priming , both the korean stock market and the ailing local currency moved higher in yesterday s trading ."
"speaking at a news conference yesterday , lim said at least 376 , 000 credit delinquents would be eligible for the rescue package ."
i was going to try to give back to people who didn t have any hair .
"and he really has been married to roma for decades . beyond that , the truth is murky ."
"calumet city , illinois ap a man beat his girlfriend s 4 year old son to death after she left the boy in his care while she was deployed to iraq , police said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
seoul puts off tax cut despite oil price surge .
george w . bush said the troops will be brought back to the u . s . duty stations in europe and asia . bush told the veterans of foreign wars convention in cincinnati that the redeployment would create a quicker response system against terrorist threats .
the bodies are now being moved to a hospital in phnom penh where bereaved family members will be allowed to confirm their identities .
the protesters are concerned that the ruling party s candidate for the post remains loyal to his islamic roots .
he also said people in the south should be concerned about the north s counterfeiting and other illicit activities .
"he is definitely one of the best players in the world and he deserved to win today , he said ."
"under the plan , the ministry will reduce troops in three stages to around 500 , 000 by 2020 , while boosting its defense capability by aiming for greater agility and state of the art weapons systems ."
"ketv , a local television station , identified the man as robert hawkins . witnesses said they hid in restrooms , closets and under racks of clothes , some praying as an estimated two dozen shots rang through the mall ."
"benazir bhutto s 19 year old son will succeed her as chairman of the pakistan people s party , which will take part in upcoming elections , officials announced sunday . bilawal zardari , speaking in english at a news conference , said"
"the ancient battle of thermopylae was the stuff of 2007 s first certified blockbuster as the bloody action tale 300 debuted with 70 million over opening weekend , according to studio estimates sunday ."
but most protesters don t work in the industry and are more focused on the need for good education and health care things they say a few dozen more waiter and bellhop jobs won t fix .
"petersburg governor vladimir yakovlev pointed out in a speech to the cadets and crowd tuesday , together with russia it has endured war and revolution ."
the head of england s football association believes that the global credit crisis could force one of the country s top teams into bankruptcy .
"the row , over frozen north korea accounts , stalled implementation of the nuclear deal for several weeks ."
"within 24 hours of last week s historic vote , his transition team rolled out change . gov , a web site that promises to be your source for the latest news , events and announcements so that you can follow the setting up of the obama administration ."
"some 120 inmates escaped from a political concentration camp in northeastern north korea several months ago in an unprecedented prison break , news reports said tuesday ."
"this might not solve the problems with the u . s . politically but it will be in their hearts as something to remember , said assistant concert master kim ."
"goldsmith said monday that diana clearly was having a wonderful time with fayed , reporting that she had never been so spoiled ."
"he is the fifth person to be targeted by the court , set up to bring surviving leaders of the khmer rouge to justice ."
"morton has also written books about princess diana , madonna and monica lewinsky ."
"at that moment he saw a large wheel spinning just above his head , while the rod fell and pierced the ground immediately beside him ."
"some scientists for decades have advanced the hypothesis that millions of years ago , human ancestors began walking upright because it used less energy than quadrupedal walking , gaining advantages in things like food foraging ."
"however , buffett is also optimistic , saying the nation s best days remain ahead ."
"whatever legends exist , one thing is certain"
lafave was also required to register as a sex offender and abide by numerous conditions .
"our information is that there is no indication of any link between this cowardly deed and the fact that it was the son of the defense chief , prime minister jan peter balkenende said in the hague ."
"they are making every effort to make arrangements for the deceased , his family and the injured crew members , the statement said ."
"that attack killed 19 and wounded 107 others , state run news agency algerie presse service reported ."
draft likely to be reduced
"but google s net income rose 30 percent to 1 . 31 billion , or 4 . 12 per share ."
a candidate must receive 50 percent plus one vote to win without a runoff .
"but gen . yasar buyukanit said he had asked for approval during a news conference on april 12 , when he said an operation into iraq is necessary ."
"the remarkable findings , published in nature , have been hailed as a new chapter in medical science ."
"the strong reduction in just one year certainly raises flags that the ice in summer may disappear much sooner than expected , pedersen said in an esa statement posted on its web site friday , according to ap ."
it s a very great and hopeful sign .
"have been a huge success , prompting more than 90 , 000 smokers to call a smoking helpline in the past five years ."
"in brazil , nearly eight in 10 new cars already run on fuel made from sugar cane"
"south american dignitaries and government officials cheered after the leaders signed the accord on a glass topped table , backed by flags of their south american nations ."
"the site is still a little thin on content , but there s a blog , a newsroom and a countdown to the january 20 inauguration ."
"the united states wants the yuan to appreciate faster , and some american lawmakers are calling for punitive tariffs on chinese imports ."
hong arrived at the office in seoul around 3 p . m . as hundreds of reporters were waiting for the appearance of the wife of the nation s largest conglomerate .
"the government yesterday announced it will ship 6 , 200 tons of heavy fuel oil to the north next week to meet the deadline of july 14 ."
"there has also been growing criticism of the president from within his party the democratic progressive party , or dpp ."
its mission is the research and preservation of native plants throughout the united states .
"albania s government supports independence for kosovo , a province dominated by ethnic albanians ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the usgs put the magnitude at 6 . 8 .
"officially 69 , 181 people are dead with another missing 18 , 498 , according to authorities ."
"while there s a debate about the need for restrictions and authorities aren t imposing such stringent restrictions everywhere , special limits on sex offenders for the evening are widespread ."
"also today , u . s . warplanes struck a house in the iraqi flashpoint town of falluja ."
"the taliban last month abducted two french aid workers and three afghans working for terre d enfance , an agency helping children in southwestern afghanistan . a french woman named celine was released late last month in what the taliban said was a humanitarian gesture ."
he then skipped the hamburg masters but had been expected to play this week at the world team cup in duesseldorf .
then the group s accident rates will be compared to a control group of people who do not play the games .
the jobless rate has recovered to 5 . 3 percent from the record level of 5 . 5 percent that it hit in february .
draft likely to be reduced
durrani said it was unclear whether the bombing could be retaliation for a mysterious missile strike that killed four suspected militants in a village near the afghan border on friday .
but those qualities don t come cheap .
"a fast moving fire east of san diego that started early tuesday led to the evacuation of 300 homes in the campo area , near the mexican border ."
"your child could be physically harmed by someone he or she encounters online and later meets in person , said online security expert benjamin halpert on thursday as he addressed a group of security experts at the 2007 cyber crime summit in kennesaw . watch and learn more about cybercrimes against kids"
"the islamist university lecturer ranked among hamas top five decision makers as the liaison between the group s military and political wing , the paper said ."
"updating numbers from wall street , dow industrials now have 197 points , nasdaq up 33 ."
the kind of anger and resentment domestically in india is pointing the finger at pakistan .
"he called the station s soap operas pure poison that promote capitalism , according to ap ."
"the recall covers 675 , 000 units of various barbie accessory toys that were manufactured between september 30 , 2006 , and august 20 , 2007 ."
he pleaded guilty and agreed to help prosecutors in an effort to avoid the death penalty .
nato s decision to help train iraq s armed forces set off wrangling among the allies tuesday as more differences emerged between the french and americans on how to best help baghdad s new government .
i think people will really get to see what i m really like . i m just a normal girl from london .
"with two weeks to go before the main opposition grand national party gnp s primary to pick its presidential candidate , the korea times reports former seoul mayor lee myung bak is widely believed to be the favorite but chairwoman park geun hye is seeking a come from behind victory ."
"the credit card companies should , however , back up their belief in these systems by lowering fees for all merchants who support them , litan said ."
his lawyers say he is suffering from depression and ill health because of the conditions of his incarceration .
"zurich , switzerland cnn swiss television has made an embarrassing mistake in broadcasting a euro 2008 soccer match ."
"washington reported a 256 . 3 billion trade deficit with china last year , its highest on record with any country ."
"under a deal struck in february , north korea began to disable its nuclear reactor at yongbyon which produced weapons grade plutonium for the bomb it tested in 2006 in exchange for economic and energy assistance ."
japan has become a major target of environmental groups over this issue but remains intransigent on the issue .
"obama will claim victory during a speech in st . paul , minnesota , according to prepared remarks released by his campaign ."
"in mission control at nasa s jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena , california , they celebrated the lander s much anticipated entry ."
"the taliban released the french woman , celine cordelier , on april 28 , and the man , eric damfreville , on may 11 ."
draft likely to be reduced
"cnn when a yellow dragon roars , beijing listens ."
"the north and south korean delegations were having an official dinner tuesday evening before the formal start of talks wednesday , the south s unification ministry said ."
the move angered many israeli lawmakers and human rights advocates because of reports that some sudanese refugees are being killed or mistreated by authorities in egypt .
"the two koreas have agreed to formalize an agenda at preparatory meetings in the border city of kaesong , where they jointly run an industrial park ."
"in an interview with the bbc , prince william , 25 , admitted to nervousness . we ll probably be gibbering wrecks by the end of it , he said ."
"lighting up in restaurants , bars and internet cafes will continue to be allowed even after a citywide public smoking ban comes into force may 1 , as long as the venue has provided separate smoking and nonsmoking areas , the china daily reported ."
the united states has been criticized for accepting only a small number of refugees since the u . s . led invasion in 2003 .
"lee pledged to work for a nuclear free korean peninsula and strengthen seoul s alliance with the united states . the most important thing is for north korea to get rid of its nuclear weapons , he said , ap reported ."
"shrugging your shoulders and saying , i don t know isn t going to score you points ."
"long lines formed before dawn monday at airline counters at seattle tacoma international airport , where two major carriers , alaska airlines and horizon air , suspended service sunday ."
"off the electricity and they threw chairs at the other workers who tried to switch it on , one said ."
"at the start of the week it was trading above 10 , 000 ."
"james parents added that their son , an intelligent young man of sound mind , had never come to terms with his condition and was not prepared to live what he felt was a second class existence ."
pintongta and phantongtae have the right to appeal the ruling to a civil court .
"no one has claimed responsibility for the incident , which left the bodyguard s car and several others charred from fire ."
south korean president lee myung bak said thursday that the officer s comments were a natural answer in response to lawmakers questions at a parliamentary hearing .
"the toys , sold in the u . s . under the fisher price brand , included likenesses of big bird and elmo , as well as the dora and diego characters ."
right now on wall street the dow s down by 340 points .
"meanwhile , pastor bae hyung kyu was finally laid to rest in services yesterday at saemmul church in bundang , the church where he began the journey that led him to afghanistan and death at the hands of barbarictaliban militants ."
"the independent newspaper el nacional , citing unidentified government officials , reported that military officials had pressured chavez to concede during late night deliberations ."
"authorities said saturday they were following 1 , 700 tips about a white ford f 150 pickup that may be a lead in determining who set the sprawling santiago fire in orange county ."
"the french president s schedule included a full state banquet at windsor castle on wednesday night , where he is staying as the guest of the queen ."
the government said gasoline stockpiles are well above average for this time of year .
"stiles , a resident of pahrump , nevada , was also sought by the fbi in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14 ."
"even after hearing the minister s comments , one laptop per child kept talking to indian officials , companies and non governmental agencies ."
"the uk s press association reported thursday that the uk based forensic science service fss had uncovered significant new information after analyzing evidence taken from the holiday apartment in praia da luz , portugal , from which madeleine disappeared ."
rockers foo fighters and british bands take that and arctic monkeys were all double winners at britain s equivalent of the grammys .
"who triumphed in the team sprint , along with jamie staff and jason kenny , and won the keirin and the individual sprint at the laoshan velodrome in beijing ."
"included were climate change , hiv and malaria , global poverty , international trade , the war on terror , the middle east peace process and afghanistan , according to brown and bush ."
"day two for the new president , and the ap s rita foley launches our new series called barack obama , the first 100 days"
"the pacific tsunami warning center also issued a tsunami watch for panama , costa rica , nicaragua , guatemala , el salvador , mexico and honduras ."
"she worked remotely for her old employer until october , and has been looking for a full time position for more than a year now , but says she can t even get in the door for an interview ."
"currently , it is the only material with the potential to be strong enough to use to manufacture elevator cable , according to tsuchida ."
"in august , 181 miners died when two mines flooded in eastern shandong province after heavy rains ."
"he was arrested a short time later after dumping his bag , which contained two hand grenades , screws and nails , said doris edelbacher , a spokeswoman for the austrian federal office for the protection of the constitution ."
"in his weekly radio and online address , obama says the country has to focus more on science"
dependency on food imports will also increase as cereal yields decline in those countries .
"if only two ideas are chosen , each will receive 5 million , and so on ."
"describing it as a blunder , grenada prime minister keith mitchell pledged an investigation into how the royal grenada police band could have prepared the anthem of taiwan instead of china , which has waged an aggressive campaign in the caribbean to woo nations away from relationships with its rival ."
milan wins on pens after beckham starts
earlier yousuf had told reuters that patience was running out and said rebel prisoners must be freed by 0930 gmt on wednesday .
"at least three people died and more than 290 were injured , 15 seriously , xinhua reported ."
"over the years , the town has hosted many celebrities , including richard wagner , arturo toscanini , miro and d . h ."
yankees slugger alex rodriguez facing hip surgery tomorrow that will keep him out of action at least 6 weeks .
i extend my sympathies to his family and condolences to the russian people .
"doctors in seoul and incheon will walk off the job and hold massive rallies outside the government complex in gwacheon , gyeonggi province . they will discuss further action ."
"the candidates are running to succeed president roh moo hyun , who is required by law to step down at the end of his single five year term in february ."
it s all tom waits covers ?
"the bomb threat was made just weeks after eta called off a 15 month cease fire , blaming the government for refusing to make concessions in the peace process and warning it was once again becoming active on all fronts ."
uri party chairman lee bu young said wednesday the ruling party will push for a second inter korean summit meeting in order to defuse the protracted standoff over north korea s nuclear weapons programs .
"sources familiar with the test said researchers changed the operating cycle of the generator , sending it out of control ."
the bbc reports up to 80 protesters are reported to have died in the chinese crackdown .
milan joined shakhtar on six points from three outings after inflicting the ukrainian side s first defeat .
his lawyers say he is suffering from depression and ill health because of the conditions of his incarceration .
we re now just three days away from the big game .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
it is my child .
"a spokesman for sharif s pakistan muslim league told cnn that sharif would attempt to talk with chaudhry , who was among judges sacked by musharraf ."
"buenos aires , argentina cnn 8212 for the first time in three decades , argentina will not meet its goal of beef exports to the european union this year ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"consumer spending and business investment had also stalled , while residential investment continued to fall ."
"everyone is doing very well this morning , hospital ceo scott hill told reporters wednesday at a dual press conference with virginia gov . tim kaine ."
"exports experienced a one month decline of 10 . 4 percent , with imports down 19 . 5 percent , the paper said , citing the general administration of customs ."
"the bay we re anchored in darwin bay at tower island also known as genovesa island is in fact a caldera formed by an ancient volcano , and we walk around looking at more birds than i ve ever seen in one place"
"i have chased hammerhead sharks in baja , mexico , explored the jungle lairs of indonesia s former separatist guerillas and hung out with street kids in china ."
this traveler s dream is actually a step closer to reality .
"beckham , 33 , will return to the los angeles galaxy after his stint with ac milan , his agent , simon olivera told cnn ."
zoellick proposed an action plan to boost long run agricultural production .
"despite the shadow cast by the specter of war , christmas festivities were well under way at the vatican on christmas eve , with the traditional unveiling of the life sized nativity scene in st . peter s square , depicting the birth of jesus in a bethlehem manger ."
the reading was above analysts expectations and marked the fastest rise since a 1 . 8 percent increase in march
live associated press tv pictures showed dots of light moving slowly up a darkened main street .
the hair is used to make wigs or hair extensions or is used in artwork .
it would be a huge mistake if we become a protectionist nation .
some western china scholars are even praising it for the scientific basis of its principles .
"jalili was set to meet with javier solano , the european union foreign policy chief , on tuesday in rome for talks ."
their findings were published friday in the journal nature .
pakistani authorities struck a deal with the local militants last september in a bid to isolate foreign militants and curb cross border incursions into afghanistan .
"manners was shot and killed in a hallway in the school , which is located near a high crime toronto neighborhood ."
"we will finish it off in every corner of the country , he said . hamilton criticized the pakistani president for keeping u . s . forces out of the region ."
"for one person , the idea of spending a cold winter s night alone seems great"
"in a ritual that would terrify most mothers , indian villagers have cheered as screaming babies were dropped from a 50 foot temple tower ."
"completely unrealistic assumptions about a post saddam iraq permeate these war plans , said national security archive executive director thomas blanton in a statement posted on the organization s web site along with copies of some charts used in the powerpoint presentation . read the documents on the national security archive web site"
"baghdad , iraq cnn a legal debate and reconciliation politics have delayed the scheduled executions in iraq of three saddam hussein era officials and the hiatus is causing an uproar among iraqi officials ."
"a 27 year old indian national , detained in australia , has been charged in connection with terrorism incidents in britain last month , australian authorities told cnn ."
"go to parent teacher conferences in chicago this morning , then sit down to talk about the economy with his financial team ."
"but whatever the reason , five helicopters have now been lost already this year with the us admitting at the weekend that the other four had been shot down ."
"harry s elder brother , william , was awarded his royal air force wings in april after training since january ."
"petersburg , russia , where they celebrated ratification of a major nuclear arms agreement and proclaimed their close friendship ."
human rights activists and many politicians abroad have criticised chinese policy in tibet .
"the united states centers for disease control and prevention and a lab in gabon confirmed the disease as a hemorrhagic fever , and specifically as ebola , health minister makwenge kaput said on national television monday . he did not provide further details ."
"without immediate action our state is headed for a fiscal disaster and that is why with more than two dozen new legislators sworn in today i am wasting no time in calling a fiscal emergency special session , schwarzenegger said in a news release ."
"zheng xiaoyu was convicted on charges of taking bribes and of dereliction of duty , xinhua news agency reported ."
"obama s campaign blamed the loophole on former sen . phil gramm , a texas republican who serves as republican candidate sen . john mccain s co chairman and economic adviser ."
"the move followed pressure from beijing , which believes the material is too sensitive and could lead to social unrest , according to the uk s financial times ."
she adopted true north as her personal guideline .
"the waste water vent , which is under the shuttle cabin , in front of the left wing , is used to expel into space both urine and surplus water generated from the shuttle s fuel cell power system ."
he also warned lawmakers against relying heavily on a list of benchmarks to measure gains made in iraq .
"it also comes as the two top american officials in iraq , commanding gen . david petraeus and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq , testify before u . s . congressional committees about the status of the war ."
"if musharraf tries to fabricate false cases against me , we will face them . he said ."
"they escaped the murderous rage of genghis khan who lost his favorite grandson at the battle for bamiyan s red city in 1221 , and razed the entire valley in revenge ."
president susilo bambang yudhoyono will oversee the state funeral in a javanese royal burial ground near solo .
"cowart and schlesselman were arrested outside jackson , about 75 miles east of memphis , tennessee , after an aborted robbery attempt last week , according to court records ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"twenty five years ago , carnegie mellon university professor scott e . fahlman says , he was the first to use three keystrokes a colon followed by a hyphen and a parenthesis as a horizontal smiley face in a computer message ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the stimulus package is expected to run about 800 billion , maybe more , and will likely include about 300 billion worth of tax cuts ."
"in basra , gunmen on wednesday night attacked al othman sunni mosque with rocket propelled grenades and destroyed its minaret ."
flying with the flu ?
"the iranian government and inpex first signed an outline agreement over the azadegan field in 2004 , but they subsequently failed to reach a final agreement due to a dispute over the exact financial structure of the deal ."
the royal swedish academy of sciences praised krugman for formulating a new theory to answer questions about free trade .
"he was a member of the house committee on financial services , and the ranking republican on the subcommittee on financial institutions and consumer credit ."
johnson s find is the second largest diamond uncovered at the park this year .
"obama doesn t have the numbers today , and until someone has the numbers the race goes on , mcauliffe told cnn ."
it will be something no one else has done before .
the nis confirmed that a total of 278 computers in 10 government organizations have been assaulted by two kinds of information stealing viruses the peep trojan and backdoor revacc .
their bodies are tied with bricks so they sink .
"under an agreement reached at six nation talks in beijing last month on the north s nuclear program , the united states and north korea are supposed to open bilateral talks on establishing diplomatic ties ."
the unanimous cabinet vote represents a major escalation in the israeli palestinian conflict .
"in washington tuesday , top executives from five of the biggest oil companies exxon mobil , royal dutch shell , bp , chevron and conocophillips were grilled before congress over their growing profits and corporate tax breaks ."
"i m only 23 and it s magnificent . it s even better considering all the big names in contention this year , ronaldo added ."
president bush admitted mistakes but defended his accomplishments in the final white house news conference of his presidency monday .
"hadley , who had been battling personal problems , shot himself with an air rifle july 10 at his home in clinton corners , 80 miles north of new york city . state police said he was found unconscious on his bedroom floor ."
the party of former prime minister nawaz sharif announced sunday that it would participate in pakistan s parliamentary elections next month after failing to convince rival benazir bhutto to join a boycott .
"huckabee s victory can be attributed to his overwhelming support among evangelical voters and women , according to cnn analysis of entrance polls ."
kim so hyon would just sleep a lot .
"baozi are a common snack in china , with an outer skin made from wheat or rice flour and a filling of sliced pork ."
"tokyo hosts 15 day tournaments honbasho in january , may and september at ryogoku kokugikan stadium ."
the crash came less than a year after 154 people were killed in the september collision of a gol airlines boeing 737 with a small jet over the amazon rainforest .
"in their account of the incident , israeli military sources said their troops were at the border near avivim when the lebanese troops fired into the air ."
"the move by the president , who remained neutral throughout the republican primary process , comes after a victory in texas that gave mccain more than the 1 , 191 delegates required to claim the gop nomination ."
"john travolta and kelly preston have returned to ocala , florida , with the remains of their teenage son , a family friend told cnn on tuesday ."
pakistan rejected the statements as irresponsible and dangerous and said only its own troops could carry out counterterrorism actions on pakistani soil .
"the joong ang ilbo reports that , yielding to pressures from environmental groups , the government said yesterday it would reduce the planned percentage of power generation from nuclear plants after 2010 ."
the 23 year old hit the stanchion high outside goalkeeper victor valdes left hand post in the third minute after gabriel milito handled his header from a paul scholes corner .
"the uk , germany and italy were among 14 states which allowed the us to forcibly remove terror suspects , lawmakers said ."
"north and south korea have agreed to compete as a single team in the 2006 asian games and the 2008 olympics , according to a south korean official ."
"bush s national security adviser , condoleezza rice , emerged as the likely candidate to replace powell ."
the olympic committee said it voted 9 3 monday to withdraw its request for guarantees because the games would cost too much .
"among the offices raided was the finance team suite on the 27th floor where kim yong cheol , samsung s former legal affairs chief turned whistleblower , claimed that a secret vault was kept to store slush fund cash ."
high fuel prices have caused cutbacks throughout the airline industry .
"barack obama and hillary clinton , respectively the top democratic campaigns are bringing in hundreds of extra staff and volunteers to nevada ."
"the study asserts that narcissists are more likely to have romantic relationships that are short lived , at risk for infidelity , lack emotional warmth , and to exhibit game playing , dishonesty , and over controlling and violent behaviors ."
"the costs of cutting greenhouse gases and who will pay for doing it are likely to be the key issues at a major u . n . backed climate change meeting of scientists and diplomats in the thai capital this week , participants said sunday ."
"some of about 10 , 000 demonstrators overturned cars and set fires to protest the police investigation into the death of a teenage girl , according to the state run china daily and the privately owned hong kong cable tv , a cnn affiliate ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the airbus a320 jet was on a training flight when the crash occurred about 5 p . m . 4 p . m . gmt , said the official at the maritime prefecture in toulon , france ."
fans of kitt will also remember her for one other thing
"the korea times reports south korea is considering scrapping plans to hold a summit with japan as japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi once again visited a controversial war shrine in tokyo , monday a chong wa dae spokesman said ."
"another man , dressed like an insect , flings himself onto a giant sized windshield with a giant sized splat ."
"un inspectors have verified the shutdown of north korea s main nuclear reactor , the head of the international atomic energy agency has confirmed ."
managing director gareth penny said it was logical to help create stability in african democracies through job creation .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the smuggling conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison , a 250 , 000 fine and up to three years of court supervision after release ."
"according to his wanted poster issued by new zealand police he was known to have contacts in new york , los angeles , san francisco and san diego . he also was a self proclaimed master of martial arts ."
"produced by oscar winning director james cameron and directed by simcha jacobovici , the documentary has drawn intense media coverage for its claims challenging accepted christian dogma ."
they beg for bread and sell gum .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"voice of jay leno as you know , we ve never had an african american president ."
the hostages are part of an original group of 23 south korean christian aid workers most of them women abducted by taliban militants on july 19 as they traveled on a bus in ghazni province in eastern afghanistan .
"fossett was last seen in early september , flying a single engine plane on a pleasure flight from a nevada ranch ."
all of the victims were in new york and new jersey .
"diana s elder son , william , 25 , also spoke at the special thanksgiving ceremony in the guards chapel ."
"although not all the freedoms available on the internet are positive , the fact that in the present anyone can be , for example , a journalist , a dj or a filmmaker is changing how we live daily ."
the british press association said the incident was sparked by threats made by a woman on board the vessel .
"most dinosaurs lived to only about age 30 , though some reached 60 , the researchers said ."
"make no mistake , iran is the single biggest beneficiary of a war in iraq that should have never been authorized and should have never been waged , the front runner for the democratic presidential nomination said ."
"most people with pacemakers or implanted defibrillators enjoy their ipods or other mp3 players just as much as anyone else , but a new study suggests they should be cautious about where they store the headphones ."
"brownback , an extreme reactionary , is not expected to get much support within the us congress for his resolution ."
"bali , indonesia cnn negotiations over a new agreement on global warming were expected to go down to the wire as the united states and the european union remained at loggerheads over how to replace the 10 year old kyoto protocol ."
"hugh jackman says he s heartbroken that his new movie , x men origins"
those companies earned 123 billion last year .
he s also surprisingly funny .
the division between the grand national party s reigning presidential candidate and the conservative party s former standard bearer worsened yesterday in a barrage of name calling and accusations over past corruption .
they were indicted in washington last week in connection with a 2007 shooting that left 17 iraqi civilians dead .
"but in britain , where the ioc is due to meet on tuesday , trade unionists said tougher action was needed to make sure that the 2012 olympic games in london were not tarnished by similar accusations ."
"pakistan will not allow any foreign forces to conduct activities inside its territory , prime minister shaukat aziz told legislators monday , according to a government statement ."
"it s lucky it s not raining , said the attending nurse , vaelin gagahe , who delivered saito s baby on saturday ."
"if we talk about data from the federal district , we can say that we have 16 , 000 automobiles stolen , an increase of 10 percent from october 2007 to september 2008 , said recaredo arias , a spokesman for the association ."
he said the official declared that the stars of china will forever fly over tibet and we can smash the dalai clique .
federal prosecutors have unsealed a 47 page affidavit that details a nearly 2 hour rendezvous that took place in a washington hotel room last month between new york s gov . eliot spitzer and a prostitute .
"5 , 400 homes have been evacuated , two firefighters suffering smoke inhalation , two residents suffering substantial burns ."
"acting on clues , we have sent police teams to different towns to nab the suspects , bharti arora , a senior haryana state railway police official , said wednesday ."
"the second hostage was killed right after the meeting , according to sources in kabul ."
"the president arrived to the sound of applause and well wishes from supporters while protesters demonstrated a few miles away , in downtown tokyo ."
"key nations have welcomed the move , but south korea s opposition party has called it an election stunt ."
the storm was packing maximum sustained winds of about 80 mph well below the wind speeds that were recorded as it approached the arabian peninsula .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
barack obama has a couple of important jobs to do today .
he also said he would ask for a change in the constitution to allow the president to be chosen by the people .
"the action , which was also reported yesterday by major japanese news organizations and foreign media , marks the first time that japan has barred the import of korean made electronics , korea s major export item ."
ford calls its high tech system visual engineering . ?
"do this now , when everything s calm , not when your child s bleeding profusely ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
korean negotiations over the use of american forces here in other parts of the region to an uri party lawmaker .
"hurling shoes at someone , or sitting so that the bottom of a shoe faces another person , is considered an insult among muslims ."
iraq signed an agreement with turkey in late september to crack down on the militants .
"two years ago , 10 of the top 20 billionaires were from the united states . this year , there are only four ."
kampusch said she still owned clothing she had while in captivity and that she has been back to the house where she was imprisoned .
a subcommittee of the korean olympic committee decided yesterday that the city in gangwon province will be korea s candidate to host the 2014 winter olympics .
a team of scientists at penn state university could be one step closer to bringing extinct species back to life .
"if you had asked me 10 years ago what i would be doing with my life , i don t think i would have told you i d be in church , she said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"another senior party official , vice chairman makhdoom amin fahim , said ms bhutto had named zardari as her successor as party chairman ."
got him on the right hand
caisse d epargne rider valverde emerged as one of the serious candidates for overall victory when he ended the stage 38 seconds behind soler in second place and just ahead of australian cadel evans .
"mauritania has agreed to help in the repatriation of migrants that use the country as a launching point , but abdallah said this boat appeared to have left from guinea bissau , a country much further south along the coast ."
irish prime minister bertie ahern uh hern said wednesday he will step down may 6 after almost 11 years in office .
the supreme prosecutors office says it will announce thursday the results of their 11 month probe into the lone star keb deal .
"unveiling the sites to replace seoul , the presidential committee on administrative capital relocation , an advisory body to president roh , named eumseong jincheon towns in north chungcheong province and three locales in south chungcheong province the city of cheonan and districts of yeongi gongju and gongju nonsan ."
sweden got off to a dream start when zlatan ibrahimovic provided a cross from the right for allback to head home from close range .
"almost 25 , 000 people will die this year of hiv aids in myanmar unless lifesaving treatment is significantly increased , according to a new report ."
teachers take weightless ride to inspire students
"a dutch court will hear a complaint lodged by muslim groups seeking to bar wilders from releasing the film march 28 , but there is no legal barrier preventing wilders from releasing his film before then ."
the four serbs found guilty tuesday were seen in a video that surfaced in june 2005 when it was shown at the war crimes trial of milosevic before the u . n . tribunal for the former yugoslavia .
"this vote marks a new chapter in our nation s 30 year experiment with capital punishment , said richard dieter , executive director of the death penalty information center , which opposes executions ."
"these included four timers to activate bombs , interior minister alfredo perez rubalcaba said saturday ."
"washington has accused the bank of complicity in money laundering by the pyongyang regime , but gave its blessing for the funds to be freed to win progress on the nuclear issue ."
"speaking at a joint press conference after their meeting in the russian black sea resort of sochi , putin told journalists he had voiced russian concerns about u . s . plans to establish missile defense sites in poland and the czech republic ."
"the dollar was mixed against major currencies monday , as a light trading day left markets largely inactive , and middle east conflict raised concerns about oil and commodities ."
fonda won her oscars for klute and coming home .
"trying to protect their cold , wet feet from frostbite was an ongoing problem while the four were lost in the forest ."
"six asiatic wild elephants were electrocuted as they went berserk after drinking rice beer in india s remote northeast , a wildlife official said tuesday ."
"a spokesman for the federal agency for sea and inland water transport , aleksandr davydenko , said conditions in the kerch strait were worsening . twenty foot waves and winds gusting to 78 mph were making the rescuers task difficult , davydenko said ."
"feed her under the table , tilly has always been a happy dog during the season of giving ."
the number one movie at the weekend box office got off to a record breaking start
police are also looking into whether the tiger had been taunted .
"convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women concluded its two week 39th session , issuing dozens of recommendations for korea to better protect women from societal mistreatment ."
carmen colon was thrilled at the prospect of sending her 11 year old son to the school .
"machin said he yelled at the driver to stop , but the truck kept going ."
"at one point , the emerald was listed for sale on ebay for a buy it now price of 75 million ."
it is not a prop to be used in a debate by people on either side of an issue .
"the video is from the islamic state of iraq , an insurgent group that includes al qaeda in iraq ."
at saturday rallies palin pressed democrat barack obama on his association with 60 s radical bill ayres .
"the central bank has frozen the call rate , the interest charged on overnight inter bank loans , since raising it by a quarter point each in july and august to curb rising liquidity , which could fuel inflation and an asset bubble ."
"collins didn t immediately name the person killed in the strike , but mohammad wali , a musa qala resident , said the airstrike killed a taliban leader named mullah abdul gafoor and some of his associates while they were riding in a truck through a small village just outside musa qala ."
the first malaysian in space and two russian cosmonauts have landed back on earth after leaving the international space station iss .
"but since then many south koreans are siding with the communist north in panning the film , despite the nuclear standoff that has recently boosted tensions between the countries ."
a presidential panel yesterday began to investigate 11 cases of suspicious deaths in the military that include a shooting rampage at a frontline unit in 1984 .
pirated software worth 500 million has been seized as the fbi shuts down a world spanning piracy outfit .
tests revealed a fractured pelvis and sacrum the triangular bone within the pelvis .
the agency also said pyongyang did not expect a solution to the nuclear issue during bush s term .
"chief us negotiator christopher hill was hopeful for a resolution , but the south koreans and japanese have doubts ."
"caracas already has purchased some 3 billion worth of arms from russia , including military helicopters , kalashnikov rifles and sukhoi fighter jets ."
crichton also invited controversy with some of his scientific views .
"a few days ago , some girls were kidnapped around here , and many people have gone missing . the girls mother still comes around here looking for them , but they still haven t been found , banafsha says ."
"after 36 years of marriage , i can t say no ."
sirius is now running xm programming and the other way around .
"said dr . victoria vetter , a pediatric cardiologist at the university of pennsylvania school of medicine and head of the committee making the recommendation ."
"since china and taiwan split in 1949 amid a civil war , beijing has claimed that taiwan is a renegade province and should not have diplomatic ties with other countries ."
"an eight year old female was running towards him , at which time she was shot in the face ."
the company running the plant has said none of the leaks are harmful to people or the environment .
"that s the only dress we ll carry along with all stains accumulated during the journey , she wrote ."
"the games developer , san francisco based posit science , will track the total number of hours these drivers play ."
"at talks on tuesday , us president george w bush supported olmert s idea to redraw israel s borders unilaterally if peace talks failed ."
"in the us , seven of the democratic candidates for us president have fielded questions from more than 1 , 000 political bloggers at an annual convention in chicago ."
"music blared and the crowd of 40 , 473 stood and cheered ."
most analysts believe microsoft will do whatever it takes to buy yahoo .
"noriega s attorneys have said they would immediately appeal a negative ruling to a federal appeals court in atlanta , georgia ."
"hussein chalayan , twice british designer of the year , has used his shows to experiment with dresses that glow with built in leds or emit spectacular red lasers ."
"or , they could stay where they are and work for large scale farms ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
jerusalem cnn the israeli security cabinet declared hamas controlled gaza a hostile entity wednesday in response to continued palestinian rocket attacks .
somewhere there s at least 88 people dead and about 150 seriously wounded .
a sound system blared a high pitched song
"last month , the ms nordkapp cruise ship hit rocks near deception island , off the antarctic peninsula , spilling diesel oil into the bay ."
"however , he claimed that the us was trying to resolve the issue of iran s nuclear ambitions diplomatically ."
arsenal football club can confirm that it has reached an agreement with barcelona for the transfer of thierry henry .
"deal , without any negotiation , without any side agreement of any nature whatsoever ."
"the us president made distinction between abbas , who he said speaks out for peace , and the militant group hamas who does not ."
"the environmental protester stepped over a knee high barrier to attach masks emblazoned with co2 , the chemical notation for carbon dioxide ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn anti u . s . shiite cleric and militia leader muqtada al sadr will announce monday the departure of his movement s six ministers from iraq s government to press demands for the u . s . to leave iraq , the bloc s spokesman saleh al ageili told cnn ."
flying with the flu ?
"they sipped on juice boxes , played on swings and jumped on and off seesaws ."
"until now , this type of behavior had only been shown in humans or chimpanzees , but researchers suspected that other species that live together could be sensitive to fair play"
we were able to address the issue of if the increase is really due to caffeine or due to women changing their drinking patterns . other studies have reported the same results but had some biases in the research .
"the evidence is not enough to prove russia played a role , but it indicates a possibility , defense minister jaak aaviksoo told the associated press by telephone ."
senior officials from north and south korea will hold talks today after a 10 month hiatus to discuss the ever intensifying standoff over pyongyang s endeavor to develop nuclear weapons and normalize the inter korean dialogue .
at 6 a . m . she drives ten minutes to her firm s office .
"we want the designers to offer some clothes that are a little bit more robust , she also told cnn , and we certainly don t want people under the age of 16 to be modeling ."
"in one case , two rabbits were decapitated while three others were taken from the same pen in a person s yard ."
"the japanese makers are able to sell cars for a better value than hyundai in the key u . s . market , yun said , as they benefit from weakness in the japanese yen versus the u . s . dollar ."
"the dow jones industrial average dropped 311 . 50 points , or 2 . 26 percent , to close at 13 , 473 . 57 ."
the army says a total of 45 troops and 150 rebels have died so far in battles around the town of mir ali .
south korea on wednesday voiced opposition to the much touted option of bringing north korea s nuclear problem to the u . n .
the country has already reached world class levels in certain areas .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
maybe people should leave her alone .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
gibbs said obama also supported legislation that illinois lawmakers will consider next week to authorize a special election to choose his successor .
"china gave official notification of the accident to the south korean embassy in beijing at 12 50 a . m . sunday , nearly 21 hours after the accident took place and some 14 hours after it first learned of the incident , according to the ministry of foreign affairs and trade ."
"former bush secretary of state colin powell tells nbc s meet the press he and republican john mccain have been friends for 25 years , but he doesn t like what he sees as the negative tone of mccain s campaign ."
"as well as investing in making the feedstock polysilicon , motech has started making inverters to support its customers who make modules ."
"lopez won this year s award for best solo pop singer , while anthony was named salsa artist of the year ."
it s not that i m disrespecting you .
"groh , 49 , died from loss of blood resulting from the shark attack near the bahamas , the miami dade medical examiner s office said ."
the number of koreans filing claims for unemployment insurance benefit is set to outstrip the level during financial crisis .
"eight people died sunday after a section of stands at a soccer stadium in northeastern brazil collapsed as cheering fans jumped up and down at the end of a game , police said ."
the movie is much more convincing when it sticks with place and process and lets the emotions take care of themselves .
"elizabeth gladys millvina dean of southampton , england , who was 2 months old at the time of the titanic sinking , is now the disaster s only remaining survivor , according to the titanic historical society ."
"the black hole had a central mass concentration of four million solar masses , he added ."
"winter storm warnings were in effect into monday in vermont , new hampshire and maine and into tuesday in parts of new york state ."
the seoul education office said about 400 students in five schools became sick after having school lunches since mid june .
"the body has been dumped in the qarabagh district of ghazni province , ahmadi said ."
she was told to appear in municipal court in mahwah on september 4 .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2686189
reports said one of the wheels had come off in the incident and was about 200 meters behind where the vehicle .
"the taliban seized the korean christians , most of them women , 11 days ago from a bus in ghazni province to the southwest of kabul and killed the leader of the group on wednesday after an earlier deadline passed ."
"the soldiers were handed over to kurdistan regional government officials in northern iraq on sunday , before returning to the turkish military base in diyarbakir ."
"burma s rulers continue to defy the world s just demand to stop their vicious persecution , bush said in explaining the additional sanctions ."
former republican senator fred thompson looking ahead to tonight s vice presidential debate in st .
"i ve traveled with senator clinton and uh , to a lot of places in the world , uh , i think she is extremely knowledgeable on the issues , i think it s a good team and i think it s a very wise choice ."
rebuilding officials had said earlier that the final plan might incorporate aspects of several of the designs .
"republican rudy giuliani and democrat john edwards abandoned their failing u . s . presidential bids on wednesday , narrowing the race in both parties to two main candidates ahead of next week s multi state round of voting ."
"maradona , chosen by soccer s governing body , fifa , along with pele as the best players of the 20th century , has struggled with obesity and cocaine addiction since he retired in 1997 ."
"three strong earthquakes struck sunday near new zealand and the u . s . territory of guam in remote parts of the south pacific , monitoring agencies said ."
flying with the flu ?
"singing lil rounds , the smooth singing 23 year old from memphis , got in early last night on fox ."
taiwan lodged its objection citing fears of bias and the step forced a meeting on the matter to be adjourned .
the 22 surge was far better than the continued drop economists had expected .
i ve always wanted to do this .
"they will focus on the north korean nuclear issue , while trying to find ways to bring the north back to the six party denuclearization talks rather than discussing further punitive measures against the stalinist state , the officials said ."
bill clinton s comments reportedly came during a recent meeting with some california superdelegates .
col . greg julian said afghanistan s national military command center told him that four girls were hurt in the incident .
"moscow , russia cnn ukraine s government will force the company that manages its natural gas supplies to pay off its debts to russia s gazprom to resolve a crisis that reduced the flow of gas supplies into ukraine and threatened to disrupt european gas supplies , ukrainian prime minister yulia tymoshenko said wednesday ."
"the ministry of internal affairs and communications said the total number of jobless was down 130 , 000 on year , marking the 24th consecutive month of decline ."
i think football is extremely exciting and i love playing football .
"xinhua said that the province s top officials , communist party leader li jianguo and acting governor jiang daming , along with other officials , were at the site . daming was leading the rescue effort , the agency said ."
"germany s richest woman has said a former lover has threatened to release pictures of them together if she does not pay him millions of euros dollars , according to her spokesman ."
"the south korean military has successfully conducted a couple of drills regarding the operation of the systems involved in counterfire missions , a senior military official told the joong ang ilbo yesterday ."
"the antitrust watchdog ordered the two companies that engaged in mlm without proper registration , myd and ub city one , to stop their marketing activities and submitted the cases to the prosecution ."
robben island museum interim chief executive seeland naidoo says there is no alternative but to implement a humane culling program in conjunction with local animal welfare groups .
liquid water is seen as a prerequisite for earth type life on a planet .
"the letter faxed to u . s . house of representatives speaker nancy pelosi asking for congress to intervene to ensure that former kangaroo skinner david hicks is not tried by a military commission at the u . s . naval base in cuba was signed by 96 senators and members of the australian house of representatives , opposition parties said ."
a new study suggests that the answer is no .
"a spokesman for french president nicolas sarkozy condemned the actions of the charity workers , which chadian president idriss deby characterized as a case of straightforward kidnapping"
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"hillary and bill clinton are again teaming up on barack obama this time saying the first term u . s . lawmaker , whom they have derided as inexperienced , would be a strong running mate on a democratic presidential ticket headed by the former first lady ."
hundreds of college football players will be anxiously waiting over the next two days to hear their names called in the nfl draft .
"christopher hill , the top u . s . nuclear envoy who just visited pyongyang , said there were some differences over the nuclear declaration and that the six nation talks , expected later this week , now seem unlikely to open this month ."
"tiger was looking to gain some more time , and certainly it was an opportunity for gm to reduce its spending with everything going on ."
"sporting , who are also heading to the knockout stages , hit back with goals by miguel veloso and liedson in quick succession just after the hour mark ."
"canberra , australia ap almost half the members of australia s parliament signed a letter to the democrat dominated u . s . congress appealing for help repatriating the lone australian terror suspect held at guantanamo bay , officials said friday ."
"the ideas thompson presented about how to get more organs involve a partnership with private businesses to promote organ donation among employees , a medal to honor donor families , more teaching about organ donation in teen driver education classes and a national donor card that makes it clear that anyone who has a card can serve as a donor even if a family member objects ."
"no charges are being filed against the mother , who says she had placed her daughter on a bed that was up against the window ."
"twenty seven million new cancer cases are expected by 2030 , according to a report released tuesday by the world health organization s cancer research agency ."
he was an intensely sophisticated politician .
"andres vera with world vision is in pisco says they are providing food , water and blankets to residents ."
"women also use kissing as a bonding gesture , as well as to monitor the status of the relationship ."
"hubble team members are combing through data to try to understand the anomalies and come up with a troubleshooting plan , according to hubble program manager art whipple ."
"the labor department reports another 554 , 000 americans were thrown out of work , and signed up for jobless benefits last week ."
"hill has also been mobbed at the beijing airport , with chinese travelers rushing over to have their picture taken with him , said one of hill s security officials , who asked not to be named ."
"the office of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , who has a large base of support in basra , got involved in talks to release the men ."
"warren levinson , at the new york stock exchange ."
"he won four world titles from 1998 and two olympic golds in the 1 , 500 before being beaten by oussama mellouli of tunisia in august in china ."
the same holds true for babies over 5 months who are being sleep trained and may cry for up to two hours in one go .
"mid way through barack obama s six day bus tour across pennsylvania , it s hard not to think of iowa ."
treasury department and federal reserve officials are to meet later today with top executives from financial firms to work out details of the 700 billion plan .
flying with the flu ?
ix nation talks on north korea s nuclear program have ended without progress after its chief negotiator flew home amid a row over money .
calva also is being investigated in the mutilation killings of
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
.
"however , they believe the romans ultimately prevailed ."
myanmar s jailed opposition leader anung san suu kyi faces trial tomorrow
"the activist , a party operative who has been involved in democratic presidential campaigns and conventions dating back more than 20 years , said it is his information that the process is at a very early point but that within the campaign itself they have been informally thinking about it for a while ."
"he said bin laden is healthy and well , the transcript said , but that even if he doesn t become ill , he must die one day ."
"the car was a 21st birthday present from the queen and the prince has converted it to run on 100 percent bioethanol as a way to reduce his carbon emissions , his office , clarence house , said ."
"new york ap a civic group concerned with rebuilding lower manhattan said thursday that while the new designs for the world trade center site were inspiring , the process for deciding what will be built there is flawed ."
a private interment service will be held the next day in charlotte .
"however , queen elizabeth ii would remain sovereign ."
but the global economic turmoil set off by the u . s . subprime mortgage crisis has scotched that view .
"kim tae young , chairman of the south korean joint chiefs of staff jcs ."
he was flying a blue and white single engine citabria plane .
"the global financial crisis is likely to restrain the u . s . economy well into 2009 , the federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said tuesday ."
the three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt .
"alternatively , let it sniff an rfid tagged object and see what it does ."
"tom hennigan , a reporter from the times of london in sao paulo , told cnn that tuesday s weather in sao paulo included low lying clouds and heavy rain ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the top us envoy to north korea has held a rare meeting with the country s foreign minister on nuclear issues .
london crude rebounded after sliding following u . s . government data that showed a crude supplies rising and refiners ramping up gasoline output to meet summer holiday driving demand .
the military said the number of rocket attacks has more than doubled since hamas seized control of gaza in june .
"at the same time , sebire wrote a letter to french president nicolas sarkozy appealing for help , but he responded by suggesting top doctors should reexamine her for a second opinion ."
"obama has also said he intends to visit iraq and afghanistan this summer , but no announcements regarding that trip were expected to be detailed saturday ."
"an influential republican senator has called for the withdrawal of some 5 , 000 us troops from iraq by the year s end ."
they also welcomed the recent jump in the number of tourists traveling between the two countries at around five million per year .
"sharif s deportation is in accordance with law and ethics , interior minister aftab khan sherpao told local media , ap reported ."
"the introduction of the obama economic team and first , some words from the president , who s meeting with the treasury secretary right now ."
"initially bearing winds of 126km h 78mph , krosa has weakened to a tropical storm after coming ashore , chinese officials say ."
"i think it s appropriate for us to convey australia s concern to our counterparts and that s what we ve done , ellison told the abc ."
makoto kobayashi of the high energy accelerator research organization and toshihide maskawa of kyoto university will each receive a quarter of the prize .
"islamic militants overran a border fort in northwestern pakistan during a pitched battle wednesday , killing seven pakistani troops and leaving more than a dozen unaccounted for , a military spokesman said ."
"in the latest ministerial talks on jeju island , the unification minister chung dong young urged the north to return to the nuclear disarmament talks as soon as possible , stressing the implementation of the sept ."
"troopers confiscated 4 sticks of dynamite , and also automatic weapons and rocket propelled grenades , but the 19 pirates were let go because they had not attacked portuguese people or property ."
"researchers report in friday s edition of the journal science , however , that mammoth hair seems to be an excellent source of well preserved dna ."
"however , about 32 percent predicted the gnp will successfully select one presidential standard bearer to run in the election ."
"the official conceded that besides the united states and japan , pakistan was among the countries that had provided information to seoul on the north s nuclear capabilities ."
there have already been some evacuations in fargo .
"behind the mask is a sensor that touches the user s forehead and reads the brain s electrical signals , then sends them to a wireless receiver inside the saber , which lights up when the user is concentrating ."
"the sequel from time warner inc . unit warner bros . topped the previous wednesday record of 40 . 4 million for 2004 s spider man 2 , according to box office tracker media by numbers ."
"up there , even sunshine is cold ."
"russian space officials referred to yi as a space flight participant , a title reflecting her status as a commercial space traveler ."
"it means the financial crisis is not only weakening the economies of the united states and the european union , but also weighing on china s economy ."
"the five member band is the latest in a long line of pop acts to bury past differences and reform , hoping for success where many others have failed ."
"washington cnn a smiling pope benedict xvi arrived in the united states on tuesday afternoon to start the six day , two city journey that will take him from the white house to the halls of the united nations ."
"chinese officials said at a monday media briefing that winds gusts were measured up to 140 mph 225 km h on everest s north slope , making a climb too treacherous to attempt ."
"the failure occurred at 1 09 p . m . and knocked out power to customers north of miami on both the atlantic and gulf coasts , state and local authorities and utility officials said ."
draft likely to be reduced
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
those found in breach of the ban would be fined 75 euros for individuals and 150 euros for the premises where the offence occurred .
they had buttons and keyboards to conduct a simulated online search .
"we really are excited about the future of using different technologies , including technology like this , in trying to figure out if there s better ways to do surveillance for outbreaks of influenza or any other diseases in the united states , he said ."
"that publicity would be a departure , north korea watchers said , from pyongyang s usual practice of clamping a blackout on news about the dear leader before a trip abroad ."
the demand came a day after the aug .
"according to de telegraaf , the letter said madeleine was buried north of the road under branches and rocks , around six to seven meters off the road in a barren and deserted landscape ."
"the government will also guarantee the lending that banks make to each other , the treasury said ."
"the games developer , san francisco based posit science , will track the total number of hours these drivers play ."
"it s raining , the snow is melting , and the state transportation secretary says they may be looking at the same thing now ."
vicki watson flew in from raleigh durham and says she was pleasantly surprised at how smooth her trip was
"the bombs exploded within about 500 meters 0 . 3 mile of each other in jaipur s old city , which is frequented by tourists ."
"although not all the freedoms available on the internet are positive , the fact that in the present anyone can be , for example , a journalist , a dj or a filmmaker is changing how we live daily ."
all south korean troops stationed in the area have been accounted for .
"chen is trying to split china , formally declaring independence will bring taiwan into disaster ."
"while south korea has recently owned up to what it says was unauthorized dabbling in plutonium extraction and uranium enrichment by a group of scientists , the revelations on uranium metal production were new ."
"the content providers are loath to cannibalize the lucrative tape rental and sales markets , or spend heaps of money on dvd titles , until the new technology proves itself ."
"analysts say that since pyongyang announced feb . 10 it has nuclear weapons , the presumption is that its next step will be to conduct a test , sooner or later ."
"a mortar landed and went off 100 meters away in an open field outside the compound where the press conference was being held , said u . n . spokeswoman marie okabe ."
intensifying competition between banks could lead to a collapse of the whole industry .
there is no doubt that new environmental concerns will arise over the next few years that scientists could not have anticipated .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the state run china daily newspaper attributed the rioters anger to officials alleged attempt to cover up a murder case .
"sharapova won the tournament in 2006 , and hantuchova has taken the title twice , the first time in 2002 ."
"another goal , raising the minimum wage , went into effect last tuesday , and democratic leaders still hope for agreement on ethics and lobbying changes before congress departs for its august recess at the end of next week ."
the 66 year old belgian told a brussels press conference for two or three years journalists have been asking me the same question concerning my future . i always replied by saying that i d deal with it after the beijing games .
"friends and family have identified the six missing miners as luis hernandez , manuel sanchez , kerry allred , carlos payan , brandon phillips and don erickson ."
the paper s editor said the word had long been used by christians to refer to god in the malay language .
"the report recommends disciplinary measures against the soldiers that would range from administrative reduction in rank and loss of pay , to further investigation that could lead to military trials ."
you live near a children s hospital .
that album included the grammy winning single heartache tonight .
"diplomats and dissidents say the death toll is likely much higher and up to 6 , 000 people were seized ."
the district hospital in bannu reported that at least seven of the injured were in critical condition .
"even though the world trade center ceremony gathering was moved out of ground zero , an estimated 3 , 500 family members descended briefly into the site to lay flowers near the twin towers footprints ."
doctors say it may have been lodged in the nasal cavity for 30 years .
australian prime minister john howard said he had spoken to downer about the crash and has authorized emergency aid for the injured .
"the films are up for outstanding cast , lead actor brad pitt and sean penn , respectively and a supporting performance ."
"syria decided to move troops to eastern lebanon , following 16 year old agreement ."
"in china , land use rights are distinct from land ownership"
"woods agent at img , mark steinberg , said the decision to end the relationship one year early was absolutely mutual ."
covina police department lt . pat buchanan said the device was something we have never seen before .
palin also said helping families with special needs children and cleaning up wall street were among the other missions she and mccain had discussed .
"the official xinhua news agency said 64 people were rescued , including 22 who were injured when the 1 , 049 foot bridge spanning the jiantuo river in hunan province collapsed monday ."
"in a statement , britannia operator limited , the oil company operating the rig , said the alert was raised following an allegation by a worker that there was a suspicious device on the installation ."
relations between the two countries further soured after the north tested a nuclear weapon in october .
they are also determined to pick up the talks where they left off a year ago despite north korea s oct .
she listed murphy as the father on the birth certificate .
senate democratic leaders have said they will block the appointment and are urging the governor to step down after his arrest on corruption charges .
"he was placed on another commercial airliner a short time later for a flight to the saudi arabian city of jeddah , where he arrived at approximately 3 p . m . local time 1300 gmt , pakistani government officials and a sharif representative told cnn ."
and it s not just men .
korea to double african aid by . . .
the economy that never stops has its downside .
"if he grows crops , he must till , plant , fertilize , spray , harvest ."
"but weaknesses in the satellites capabilities have led to criticism that the program is a waste of money and , with better data available on the commercial market , that japan will continue to be dependent on washington for its core intelligence ."
"israeli forces made forays into northern and southern gaza tuesday morning in operations targeting palestinian militants , killing up to six , according to palestinian sources and the israel defense forces ."
arafat led the fatah party before his death .
"the government cannot hide its bitter shock over the death of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , who was killed by terrorists on thursday while on an election campaign , and it offers its sincerest condolences to the family of the deceased , the foreign ministry said in a statement ."
"he admitted training with al qaeda in afghanistan in 2001 , but denied any prior knowledge of the 9 11 attacks ."
"a kiss can be a deal breaker in terms of whether a relationship will flower or flounder , so to speak ."
"benedict s predecessor , john paul ii , had beatified alphonsa during a pilgrimage to india in 1986 ."
she will get two visits a week from noon to 7 p . m . and one from noon to 10 a . m . the next morning .
cheney told blitzer he was over the line .
both the ruling and the opposition parties hailed the decision as the problem has been a bone of contention along with some other issues hindering a normal operation of the national assembly for months .
aero statistics
"the 21 year old became the first british player to win four titles in a season after earlier triumphs in marseille and doha , and dropped only one set all week in the spanish capital ."
"garriott , a texan who made a fortune in the video game industry , is the son of former nasa astronaut owen garriott ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the events have exacerbated the unpopularity of the ruling party and left greek prime minister konstandinos karamanlis scrambling to shore up support .
it goes to show that the . . . defendant does not believe in the democratic system .
"there have been media reports that washington was considering declaring some of the north s assets at a macau bank as legitimate , allowing the bank to end its freeze on some of north korea s us 24 million euro18 . 5 million held there ."
"six of the world s biggest polluters are meeting in sydney , trying to find common ground to cut global warming and pollution ."
bradford and tebow could settle the dispute on the field
global markets have taken a beating as the financial crisis deepened around the world .
"it s a mystery where it spent most of the last century , oberlin postmaster steve schultz said ."
"port canaveral , florida cnn it s been 10 years since disney started its cruises with the disney magic ship , followed in 1999 by disney wonder ."
england were ahead thanks to a well worked opener from frank lampard on nine minutes when robinson misjudged a cross by bernd schneider and palmed the ball into the path of the grateful kuranyi for a 26th minute leveler .
"the draft calls for the opening of corridors to allow humanitarian aid into gaza , where food , water , electricity and medicine shortages have worsened already poor conditions since israel s offensive in gaza began ."
"ford says it has completed tender offers that will reduce its debt by 38 percent , and shave millions of dollars off its interest costs ."
a series of speakers called for the standing committee of the national people s congress not to proceed with its announced intention of reviewing and officially interpreting hong kong s laws on how residents there can choose their chief executive and lawmakers .
there have been other significant recent successes too .
some officials at the russian embassy in seoul were reportedly discontented with lee s overseas visit schedule in which russia is placed last of the four powers .
"we also had police sources who wouldn t speak on the record , who told us that he hit his head on the bathtub , as a result of the seizure , and that may have led to his death ."
we re making good progress toward achieving that peaceful
"developments in touch screen technology have resulted in large screens that can be used by multiple people , creating table top tools for collaboration at work ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
who didn t qualify for the weekend at adt
"but university of maryland economist peter morici says we re far from out of the woods , insisting the fed dropping interest rates to all time lows yesterday will not end the recession"
living in a cage in hong kong
patti solis doyle had faced criticism from clinton loyalists over her handling of the campaign s finances and strategy .
doctors treated the blood infection with antibiotics .
"we are fascinated by them , sundance s john cooper told cnn ."
"abdullah ahmad badawi was sworn in at 11 10 a . m . 0310 gmt in front of king mizan zainal abidin , the constitutional monarch , and dozens of government dignitaries in the national palace s glittering throne room . the ceremony was telecast live ."
"using authority granted in the country s 700 billion bailout bill , bush said the treasury would buy into banks in return for shares ."
we need a strong and stable set of producing companies if we have to maximize future supply .
she also hoped that cooperation and reconciliation with the south will thrive to resolve our problem in the north .
"we re just doing our job as journalists , said an employee of rctv . as long as somebody is seeing us , we consider what we are doing to be valid ."
"the u . s . navy in late october came to the aid of the vessel , with the guided missile destroyer uss porter at one point opening fire to destroy pirate skiffs tied to it ."
"superdelegates delegates to the national democratic convention are not selected based on the party primaries and caucuses in each u . s . state , but rather based solely on their status as current or former elected officeholders and party officials ."
canadian beef producers filed against u . s . government to reopen the canada u . s . border .
"doctors reckon they will be able to add an amazing five inches 12 . 7cm to his height in just over a year , the sun said ."
"authors , journalists and politicians are frequent guests and targets for insults ."
"the host of the program , patricia gaztanaga , began tuesday s show by expressing sorrow for the victim and her family ."
the fire may have been caused by the nose wheel hitting things as it ran off the runway or engine destruction .
it follows on the heels of last month s peace talks in the u . s . in which israeli and palestinian leaders vowed to negotiate a final status agreement by the end of 2008 .
"they were apparently responding to cries of distress from an injured whale and were in danger of becoming stuck too , brennan said ."
"a livestock quarantine panel , which is responsible for determining the safety of imported beef , is expected to declare u . s . beef safe to consume and clear the way for its importation in its meeting on wednesday ."
"italy s university of pisa calculated the odds are between 99 . 8 percent and 100 percent that the object , traveling at 28 , 800 mph , will encounter the earth s atmosphere ."
"hong kong blue chips rose 3 . 2 percent while the index of hong kong listed shares in mainland companies , shot up nearly 4 percent ."
"following last week s unprecedented raid on the national intelligence service nis headquarters in seoul by the prosecution , prosecutors will call in former spy agency chief chun yong taek for questioning on tuesday ."
"at this point in time , we haven t seen anything indicating abuse , wood said ."
"the vatican s other law enforcement force , the swiss guards , have ceremonial and some security duties ."
"it company executives offered varying explanations for the email disruptions , but agreed they were not a result of standard technical problems ."
"the entire industry , including auto workers and dealers , was against immediate bankruptcy , arguing americans won t buy cars from a chapter 11 company ."
"vincent s infirmary medical center sent out a release saying that anne presley , the 26 year old television anchor woman who was beaten at her home earlier in the week , had died ."
the fine is the largest ever for a single company and the first time the eu has penalized a business for failing to obey an antitrust order .
"light , sweet crude for may delivery rose to 112 . 48 a barrel on the new york mercantile exchange midmorning in singapore tuesday , surpassing the previous trading record of 112 . 21 , set last week . the may contract has since retreated to"
they re threatening to set a new record for december snow in the capital of north dakota
"the man , identified as mohammed afzal , allegedly had purchased the truck used in a march 11 suicide bombing at a federal building in lahore , a police statement said ."
said the move by the united states completely reverses the communist nation s decision to halt its dismantling process .
"the shrine honors japan s war dead , including 14 people judged as war criminals after world war ii , and both south korea and china have repeatedly condemned visits by senior japanese politicians to the shrine ."
"howard has refused to set a timetable for the withdrawal of australian troops , saying it would give terrorists a timetable to claim victory ."
"the standard poor s 500 index slid 6 percent to its lowest level since march 2003 , and the nasdaq composite lost 6 . 5 percent to settle at its lowest point since april 2003 ."
erdogan was speaking after the country s constitutional court annulled last friday s parliamentary vote to elect a new president .
after its surrender with tacit approval from the u . s . occupation authorities japan set up a similar comfort women system for american gis .
"the united states will soon launch negotiations on a free trade agreement with korea as the two countries have made great progress in the last four or five months to lay the groundwork , u . s ."
"cbs spokesman dana mcclintock said these complaints are old news , and this lawsuit is without merit ."
"although i will miss the rest of the 2008 season , i m thrilled with the fact that last week was such a special tournament , woods said ."
cnn . com live will stream live coverage of the meeting from start to finish on saturday .
"tall , exquisitely chiseled and with the kind of smooth line free skin that belies his 38 years , it s not hard to see why lee is also known as the james dean of asia ."
"we ll be here throughout the night , it s a very extensive crime scene , he said ."
the relationship was with wilkinson according to traylor .
evidence of the violence was seen in smoke rising from burned homes in one johannesburg neighborhood .
"his crude , sketched caricature shows the head of prophet mohammed on the body of a dog ."
"hudson , 27 , won a best supporting actress oscar for her portrayal of effie in the 2006 film version of the broadway musical dreamgirls ."
ferry service and flights were halted across the coastal region .
john mccain says he is confident ifill will do a totally objective job .
"any disruption to peace would be a significant blow to foreign investment as well as exports and domestic consumption , park said ."
"he said federline is pleased with the agreement , and he and his attorneys feel that spears has stabilized in the months following two hospitalizations earlier this year ."
"british olympic team members have long been required to sign a contract , but for the first time the commitment will include an undertaking not to comment on any politically sensitive issues ."
"the european union , for example , plans to replace 10 percent of transport fuel with biofuels made from energy crops such as sugar cane and rapeseed oil by 2020 ."
warm hands do make warm hearts
at least 13 countries have reported their natural gas supply from russia has been cut or reduced as a result of the row .
a time scale skeptics say is too ambitious .
her crew mates tossed snacks of orange pieces at her in the weightlessness of space .
carmat s chief operating officer patrick coulombier told the associated press it s the same principle in the airplane as in the body .
"when you have elections , the appetite of authorities to enforce laws is reduced , adario said . but the federal government has to step in and do its job ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the car inexplicably left the roadway , jumped a median and crashed into a palm tree just east of downtown , shelor said . it destroyed the car , he said ."
many of the dead mountaineers are buried in zermatt s downtown cemetery .
"he has thereby integrated the previously disparate research fields of international trade and economic geography , it said ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"that fire has burned nearly 29 , 000 acres in orange , riverside , san bernardino , and los angeles counties ."
it s said that fitzgerald based his story on a quote from mark twain .
"a summer day hike , my husband said ."
"more than a hundred firefighters poured water on the more than 600 year old structure , trying to save it ."
"it has been widely acknowledged among the military that under the current deployment scenario , there are not enough u . s . forces to maintain the troop increase after spring 2008 ."
"two late goals gave tottenham a home win over middlesbrough to possibly ease the pressure on manager , martin joel but premier league aston villa went down 1 0 at home to midland neighbors leicester city from the championship ."
"one of the reasons for this strong hesitancy to western medicine is concern about side effects , she said ."
flying penguins are unusual .
turkel s work celebrated the common people .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"it s coming out in 60 to 90 days , if we don t kill each other first , henley , 59 , told the crowd saturday at the mgm grand garden arena ."
the computer is attached to his wheelchair and allows him to choose words on a computer screen via a sensor that detects motion in his cheek .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"she returned to power in 1993 , but again her government was dismissed amid corruption allegations in 1996 ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"space boulders big enough to wipe out a major city slam into the earth about once every 1 , 000 years , much less frequently than previously thought ."
"the presumed republican nominee also wants to create an alternative system for paying income taxes and double the income tax exemption for dependents , mccain said during a tuesday speech at carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh ."
"britain s prince harry has passed the first stage of training to become a military helicopter pilot , following in the footsteps of his brother william , royal officials said thursday ."
"the spokeswoman said the duchess would carry out public engagements in the run up to the routine operation , including an overseas tour with prince charles to a number of middle eastern gulf states ."
"a korean air cargo plane will fly into the north korean capital of pyongyang on friday with about 470 , 000 worth of blankets , noodles , drinks and medicine ."
"washing hands with hot , soapy water before or after handling fresh cantaloupes ."
"sun kyung cho , who , like her brother , grew up mostly in the united states , is a graduate of princeton university ."
"my body was hurting after the french . i m not superstitious like other players , that s why i can take decisions like that . i m recovered now ."
the stock market has been bouncing around up and down in the first 90 minutes of trading .
"harry , 22 , william s brother , will gain access to a similar amount when he turns 25 ."
he said he spoke to diana about the possibility that fayed would give her a ring shortly before her death .
rattray was shot dead january 26 by a six man gang at his fugitives drift guest lodge in the eastern province of kwazulu natal .
"but having analyzed the inscription , pfann , who made a brief appearance in the film as an ossuary expert , published a detailed article on his university s web site asserting that it doesn t read mariamene at all ."
"portly and balding , walton is hardly a glamorous hollywood figure , and yet he s doing press with stars travolta and cyrus , walking the red carpet with them and drawing the film s biggest laughs ."
"many villagers , however , remain opposed to surgery and are planning to erect a temple to lakshmi , who they still revere as sacred ."
"genzel said the center of the galaxy was a unique laboratory for the study of the strong gravity , stellar dynamics and star formation with a level of detail never possible beyond our galaxy ."
"israeli foreign minister tzipi livni is slated to meet with former palestinian prime minister ahmed qorei on monday , said aryeh mekel , a spokesman for livni ."
"on wednesday , the pants were still at the intersection , so curzan took them to the police , who contacted stahnke to claim his belongings ."
"the air force provided two b 1 bombers and four f 16 fighter jets , aiming at three large target areas . each bomber passed over twice and the f 16s followed to complete the set , the release said ."
you can tell if you re making mistakes as a leader because things go wrong not just one catastrophic computer snafu but repeated errors .
"power generators and truckloads of ice and water were being sent to the counties , according to the governor s office ."
"conflict is a hard word , tension is a better word , gary yohe , one of the report s lead authors , told reuters of the mood at the marathon talks ."
"the decision will make australia the first country to ban the light bulbs , although the idea has also been proposed in the us state of california ."
south korea s chief envoy to the international disarmament talks with north korea
"in an effort to increase energy efficiency , much of the heat in the intelligent workplace comes from solar thermal energy and recaptured heat from generators ."
"why doesn t it understand that we maybe are a developing country , we have our flaws , we believe in constitution , we know how to run government , we are not such clueless people who do not know how to run a country , we have our own brains ."
"the secular elite and turkey s generals , who have ousted four governments since 1960 , are wary of gul s islamist past and alarmed at the prospect of a woman , his wife , wearing the islamic headscarf in the cankaya presidential palace ."
"but it did produce plutonium , enough to make a few bombs and to test fire a nuclear weapon 18 months ago ."
palin also apologized tuesday for any misunderstanding caused when she referred last week to the patriotic values of the real america and pro america areas of this great nation .
why is it that they now announce the judges names ?
"she quickly recovered and her father , mitch , took her to hospital as a precaution , goodman said in a statement ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the event was organized by a group called bersih which is made up of opposition parties and dozens of non governmental organizations .
"though witherspoon won the best actress academy award for walk the line , the dramatic turn she takes in rendition may surprise fans of the performer best known for breezy comedies such as the legally blonde flicks and sweet home alabama ."
"but that was before she came to the games in china , which has undergone a major change in its treatment of the mentally disabled ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
to assist with resettlement of refugees in other countries and humanitarian aid .
"palisades medical center , it s physicians and employees , adheres to a strong code of ethics that respects the privacy and confidentiality of all of our patients , a hospital statement said ."
the burial site was located monday during construction work for a factory building in the outskirts of mantua .
"on the upside of the economy , americans suddenly started spending more in january , after a record six straight months of reduced consumer spending , but the commerce department reports most of that was on perishables , like food , that don t do much to keep factories busy ."
tergat set the mark over the same course four years ago .
"malaysia s government has intensified efforts to portray opposition figure anwar ibrahim as a political turncoat , days ahead of general elections that will determine whether he poses a legitimate threat to the ruling coalition ."
"nearly half , 54 percent , of republican primary voters in new hampshire have a favorable opinion of obama , while 62 percent of new hampshire democratic voters view mccain favorably ."
"i think when our staff got together , we were not surprised at all that either the fans or the players were going to vote him in and that somehow we would put him on , la russa said . he s having a good year ."
paterson became governor last spring after then gov . eliot spitzer was forced to resign amid a sex scandal .
"will soon be things of the past . from david hockney s famous polaroid art compositions , to the line , shake it like a polaroid picture from outkast s hit hey ya !"
"his pick would serve for two years before running for election in 2010 . if the candidate won that contest , he or she would have to run again in 2012 , when clinton s term ends ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
others are concerned that the ultra cheap vehicle could dramatically tax india s already poor infrastructure and contribute to the country s existing urban gridlock .
"this resignation is not the end of the story , reid warned ."
"they ve got to be the most disappointed , and i m sorry for them ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
amnesty says it does not take any position on whether abortion is right or wrong .
"its star , johnny depp , won for best actor in a musical or comedy for the title role , playing a vengeful barber who slits the throats of his customers in the adaptation of stephen sondheim s stage musical ."
"china must build a society that conserves its resources and protects its environment , wen said ."
the un reporter on torture has arrived in communist china .
home prices in and around seoul surged by more than 20 30 percent over the last two years .
"powerful typhoon wipha has hit china s densely populated eastern coast , south of the country s financial hub , shanghai , state media say ."
"us democratic candidate john kerry accused george w . bush of encouraging terrorist recruitment with policies that have made the world angry at the united states , a criticism that bush dismissed as a ridiculous notion . on the day that bush announced he would create a national intelligence czar and counterterrorism center to help prevent another terrorist attack , kerry said the self described war president was not acting fast enough to protect americans ."
"the us military has imposed a curfew on its troops in okinawa amid tensions over incidents involving service personnel , including an alleged rape ."
"crews have searched 50 cars and will be looking for more possible victims , but the mission has changed from a rescue to a recovery mode ."
you do not become militant if you wish to be a successful propagandist .
korea to double african aid by . . .
we did an extremely vast array of tests .
"the report says the poor will be hardest hit by changes including desertification , drought , and rising sea levels ."
"during my career i was one of the best at getting around obstacles on golf courses . now i want to be the best at confronting the most difficult match of my life with all my strength , he added ."
"the other military services have their own online spots , from twitter to youtube to blogs ."
"in the real world , both live in england"
"by inflating bad loans , the keb executives , including then president lee kang won , sought to lower the bank s bis capital adequacy ratio , a critical measure of a bank s viability ."
he left the prosecutors office around 10 30 p . m . on wednesday looking extremely exhausted .
defense department official said tuesday the united states will slightly reduce its troops in south korea following the planned transfer of its wartime control of the south korean armed forces to seoul .
"negotiations are underway with companies in japan , the united kingdom , hong kong , italy and germany , according to the company ."
"calderon said the government suspended oil production near the city of campeche , mexico s main oil production center , as dean passed cutting off about 2 . 5 million barrels of oil per day and evacuated nearly 20 , 000 workers from oil platforms in the area ."
"the australian government apologized wednesday for years of mistreatment that inflicted profound grief , suffering and loss on the country s aboriginal people ."
"he said he supports president bush s plan to bolster troop numbers in iraq by more than 20 , 000 soldiers and marines ."
"attempts were made to revive her , but were unsuccessful ."
"people who voted a month ago didn t know who the republican nominee was going to be . they didn t perhaps factor in that it will be about national security because , indeed , with senator mccain , that s what it will be about , clinton told cnn wednesday ."
"the dislike of canada s biggest city , toronto , in the rest of the country runs so deep that a filmmaker has made a documentary about it ."
"in montreal , organizers said 200 , 000 people took part in their anti war rally . police refused to give a figure ."
russia s orbiting mir space station ends its 15 year odyssey with a fiery plunge into the south pacific .
he faces title defences here and in rome before the french open after winning his fourth straight title in monte carlo against federer last
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the need for such mechanical help is expected to grow in japan , which has one of the most rapidly aging societies in the world ."
it s just the whole idea somebody thought of it in 1957 and here we are living it .
his lawyers say he is suffering from depression and ill health because of the conditions of his incarceration .
a korean appeals court overturned a lower court ruling and ordered the u . s . based lone star funds to pay the city of seoul 25 . 2 billion won 27 million in taxes and penalties .
"clinton encouraged her kentucky supporters to vote in the upcoming primary , saying sunday , if we get everybody turned out , it s going to send a great message to our country that you don t stop democracy in its tracks ."
"pitt , who purchased a french quarter mansion in new orleans earlier this year with angelina jolie , said he s met 9th ward residents who did everything right worked hard , bought homes , sent kids to college but now feel abandoned ."
"portuguese police said they were now giving special attention to the theory that madeleine , who has been missing since early may , was dead , pa reported ."
the mayors of the two expanded cities will be appointed by the cheju governor .
"roads were inaccessible and there was heavy damage to infrastructure , including phones and electricity , said martin blackgrove , the international red cross regional disaster management coordinator for the pacific , based in fiji ."
"the girl s family did not want to be identified , hospital officials said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"kenneth gergen , a swarthmore college professor and psychologist , is a little more tactful but no less discouraging ."
"the monkeys were very sensitive to the presence of people , giving warning signs to one another and fleeing whenever biologists approached , the group said in a statement ."
"somalia has relied heavily on international aid since 1991 , when the collapse of its government spawned a decade and a half of civil war ."
the other oscar nominations went to clint eastwood for the world war ii epic letters from iwo jima and paul greengrass for the september 11 docudrama united 93 .
the who warned that hand foot mouth disease is a summer illness public health officials expect the number of cases to peak in june or july .
as they marched to a citigroup inc . bank branch and burned an effigy of bush .
extended deterrence for south korea in case of an attack from the communist regime .
"i opposed this war in 2002 , i opposed it in 2003 , 4 , 5 , 6 and 7 ."
source 3 supplements
it followed an emergency meeting in singapore of the 10 countries that make up the association of southeast asian nations asean .
"asian stocks jumped on thursday , as growing hopes the worst of the recent credit market storm may be past fueled appetite for riskier assets , hurting government bond prices and sending the yen down ."
"london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown will skip the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics ."
the seoul government is currently pushing to regain wartime military command by 2012 .
"because the streets were crowded with bhutto s supporters , who had turned out to greet her , ambulances had difficulty reaching the scene immediately after the blasts ."
"however , as the u . n . entry referendum situation is still developing , we will continue to pay close attention and undertake necessary preparations for a serious situation , said the statement , carried by the official xinhua news agency ."
"the whole gang returns , led by the key foursome of shrek myers , donkey murphy , fiona diaz and puss in boots banderas ."
common quality of life deficiencies involved housekeeping or meals .
"however , considering the high profile stem cell scandal , the prosecution will consult with scientists about the conclusion before announcing the investigation results , according to the kbs news ."
officials stopped counting caucus results early and resumed later in the day wednesday before calling it a night .
of course eye contact is not forbidden .
"it was a blunder , but i committed no crime , miceli said , explaining that she borrowed most of the cash from her brother in order to buy a house in the capital ."
"i can t see germany , which is just across the water , but i do see a big stone that commemorates the return of the island to denmark from germany in 1750 ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the internet survey of more than 1 , 000 adult united states online consumers was conducted in january ."
"the palestinian delegate was unable to leave the palestinian territories , and representatives from britain and australia landed in jakarta on friday but were refused permission to enter the country ."
they were sharper and quicker to the ball and pressed really well and they were good winners . we needed a goal to get back into it and in fairness we didn t look like we were going to score .
"if he s president for eight years , he ends up having the risk of disability or dying , like someone who is 16 years older ."
"the dollar was trading at 99 . 70 yen , up from the 98 yen zone the previous day in asia ."
"two soaring , light drenched white rooms with little in the way of embellishment but a pair of striking art installations ."
"with more than half of the 14 , 000 precincts reporting , lugo , backed by the patriotic alliance for change , claimed 41 percent of the votes , according to the preliminary results reported by the government s election department ."
"president george w . bush insisted on thursday he did not learn until recently that the cia destroyed videotapes of harsh interrogations , and said he would not speak any more in public about the issue currently under investigation by the administration and congress . at a white house news conference , bush expressed confidence in congressional investigations , which his justice department had balked at last week , saying he thought all the various inquiries underway would eventually get to the truth ."
"the executive management of the university condemns this video in the strongest possible terms as a gross violation of the human dignity of the workers involved , said ufs rector frederick fourie in a statement posted on the university s web site ."
"new england coach fabio capello left the football icon out of his first match against switzerland , citing his lack of match fitness , but has relented for the testing match at the stade de france against the 2006 world cup runners up ."
"men also are more likely to literally kiss and make up , using kissing to attempt reconciliation ."
"based on available public reports , amnesty international estimated that in 2006 china executed at least 1 , 010 people around 60 percent of all executions across the world ."
"by the afternoon in europe , light , sweet crude for april delivery was unchanged from the previous day s close at 104 . 52 a barrel in electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange ."
"paul kagan associates , a research firm , estimated that 7 million dvd movie players had been sold in north america by the end of 1999"
he says the feds should look into whether any crimes have been committed now
the killings in bittsa park began almost a decade later .
more than 90 percent of women in their childbearing years are immune to chicken pox because they had it as kids .
the issue of north korea is set to dominate when 21 world leaders meet in vietnam this weekend for the asia pacific economic cooperation forum .
"developers earn 70 percent of app store proceeds from the sale of their games , with apple taking 30 percent ."
"the mgm hit proves that the united states is the headquarters that spreads abnormality , degeneration , violence and . . . corrupt sex culture , said north korea s secretariat of the committee for the peaceful reunification of the fatherland ."
"interior minister nicolas sarkozy had told deputies france was facing one of its sharpest and most complex urban crises , which required firmness ."
as a way of fighting cash shortages amid spiraling inflation .
"the diamonds will be difficult to sell on world markets , said philip claes , spokesman for the antwerp diamond council . he told belgium s rtl tvi television network the haul included both cut gems and rough diamonds which cannot be sold without certificates of origin to show they have not come illegally from war zones ."
"u . s . equity markets , shut on monday for a holiday , closed on friday with their worst weekly performance since mid 2002 while asian and european equities plunged on monday , showing a clear lack of confidence in washington s proposed fiscal stimulus worth up to 150 billion . stocks in asia tumbled , with south korea and australia nursing falls of almost 5 percent as growing fears of a u . s . recession sparked panic , sending investors to safe haven government bonds ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the 18 year old got a chance to redeem herself tuesday on nbc s today show when she was again asked why one fifth of americans can t locate the u . s . on a map .
president barack obama says it s time to change the way things are done in the nation s capital
"sharonov said those who remain in the cave told penza officials during negotiations that they would come out by the russian orthodox easter , on april 27 ."
"in a press conference after the summit , baek jong cheon , chief presidential secretary for security affairs , confirmed that the u . s . government asked south korea to extend the mission of its zaytun division in the war torn country ."
"schwarzenegger returned graz s highest award , its ring of honor , which was given to him by city officials in 1999 ."
some of the questioning of gonzales will focus on contradictions between his statements and those of former justice department officials .
"a 1997 climate change treaty calls for nations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , and the new report said that hundreds of technologies and techniques are available that could account for more than half of the proposed reductions ."
collins said the taliban leader was killed within that 5 kilometers 3 miles zone with the approval of the afghan government .
"prince harry is aiming to follow in his brother s footsteps by becoming a helicopter pilot , royal officials say ."
breast cancer
supernovas can be very bright for a short time and usually release huge amounts of energy .
the case garnered international headlines .
the president gave the bill his support thursday during a news conference .
"s initiative toward satellite based mobile broadcasting has suffered another setback , with the country s broadcast regulator blocking the airing of terrestrial televised content on wireless receivers ."
"the two countries have recovered from the rift over spain s withdrawal of its troops from iraq , she said , but spain s communications with the cuban government remain a sore spot ."
his college degree is from the university of mississippi .
"the suspects were arrested last weekend in barcelona and taken to civil guard headquarters in madrid , where they were questioned ."
"the israeli air force bombed the homes thursday of two top hamas military figures , killing at least one of them ."
"floating debris had been located , the official said ."
neighbors have long complained about the sheep .
the mortar rounds were fired into the neighborhood of doura first into residential streets and then at a fruit market .
"beijing , china cnn china s legislature , the national people s congress , kicks off its annual two week session wednesday ."
"attorneys for oscar winning film director roman polanski are asking a california court to dismiss a 30 year old sex offense case against him , claiming prosecutorial and judicial misconduct ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"twenty two nations are particularly threatened by the global food crisis that has seen soaring prices increase hunger , leading to protests and riots in some countries , the united nations said wednesday ."
"the korea times reports the state department s performance and accountability report for fiscal year 2004 said its goal of winning north korea s agreement to verifiable dismantlement of its nuclear programs has failed so far , with pyongyang refusing to engage in substantive discussions ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the woman and her translator were unharmed .
"this was an attempt to threaten the people . but i am very proud that malaysians were not intimidated and turned out in such great numbers and that they behaved peacefully , anwar said ."
capitol said the disc will be available nationwide january 15 .
"bezbaruah , who had been visiting the zoo with his wife and two children , was rushed to a local hospital but died of blood loss , said mahanta ."
prosecutors are chasing the passage of 9 . 6 billion won worth of convertible bonds purchased by the chairman s only son lee jay yong and his three daughters during november 1996 .
he is expected to appeal .
but his afghan driver was beheaded in front of him before his release and his translator was later beheaded when the afghan government refused to free more taliban .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the longest waiting heir in british history only ascends to the throne when his mother dies or decides to step down .
"sedgwick stars in tnt s the closer , and has screen credits that include singles and born on the fourth of july ."
"garland , who played the movie s wide eyed orphan , dorothy gale , died of a drug overdose in 1969 ."
"for more than a week after the adam air flight disappeared off the radar screens , indonesian authorities scoured the mountainous terrain of western sulawesi province and the java sea for any sign of the missing aircraft , but found nothing ."
the animals performed the trick virtually all of the time whether they were given a reward or not when alone or with another dog .
"taliban spokesman zabiullah mujahid , in a telephone interview with cnn monday , said that hostage shim sungmin had been killed monday ."
the total includes 100 previously announced store closures .
"cried sumner redstone of viacom , and disney s eisner agreed ."
adding the categorization is an insult to the incumbent administration .
"at the meeting , goh said that the government should offer emergency aid for victims of thursday s train explosion even if north korea makes no official request ."
bosses of the o2 arena were cautioned but escaped a fine on wednesday after two members of the rolling stones defied england s new anti smoking law and lit up on stage .
"i still want to pursue that , she said ."
"two of the bodies discovered sunday were pulled from the rubble of a landslide at a spa in miyagi . another man was found inside a car that had been buried under mud , the national police said ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
flying with the flu ?
"the red cross told the associated press that at least 50 were burned to death at the church , some of them children ."
a union official says the boston globe and its largest union have reached a deal that could keep the 137 year old paper in business .
"later , hussain osman , 28 , was also found guilty of conspiracy to murder for taking part in the plot ."
wall e isn t a perfect movie
"surrendered after commanding rebel soldiers with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc as the group is known by its spanish acronym , the colombian defense ministry said ."
"it has become scorsese s biggest commercial hit , and critics praised it as a welcome return to the vivid , bloody crime genre whose modern conventions the director helped pioneer in such films as taxi driver and goodfellas ."
"as the bush administration faces the november presidential election the united states claims it and its allies have put osama bin laden on the defensive , increasing chances of his capture soon , according to remarks published in pakistani media on sunday ."
"vehicles on all portland roads were required to have snow chains , kgw said , but drivers were advised to stay off roads completely ."
"after the curtain call and speeches , some 40 children who had appeared in recent high school productions of les miserables gave mini reprises of the show s better known songs ."
"despite these developments , you could be excused for thinking it all sounds a little far fetched ."
"cibulkova had made an impressive run through the draw , upsetting no . 2 anna chakvetadze , 11th seeded amelie mauresmo and no . 14 victoria azarenka ."
distressed farmers are using firecrackers and air riffles to chase them from their villages .
"bociurkiw said his organization , along with others , has been able to reach people who live in the southern irrawaddy delta region , but the need for aid is still intense ."
neighbors there said that another doctor is also part of the investigation .
draft likely to be reduced
"the first crash occurred when one truck tried to pass another on a curve and smashed into an oncoming bus with about 20 people aboard , said highway police spokesman adrian fiamoncini ."
"car dealers can t move vehicles , contractors can t sell renovations and additions to homes , appliance makers can t sell what they make ."
the campaign to protect rural england expressed disgust with the ad .
"three of the injured were her father , mother and a brother , crider quoted the howell county sheriff as saying ."
this reflects the total effect of all social contacts .
"the explosion that caused the most injuries was inside a mini bus , superintendent of police sarvendra khanal told cnn ."
"it s a very sentimental ring , vancel said of the white gold ring her mother , who died 15 years ago , wore for 50 years before passing it on ."
"in a retreat from reality if not reality shows , the 2007 08 tv season is rife with dramas in the supernatural and science fiction genres , populated by heroes who draw on extraordinary gifts to battle the bad guys ."
"the men belong to the hindu rights action force hindraf , which organized a mass rally last month alleging discrimination against ethnic indians ."
"petraeus told congress this week that the first of those units could be sent home in late september , with the rest returning home by mid july 2008 ."
"for another , the prospect is less comforting feelings of depression , anger , isolation set in as the hours go by ."
"two female south korean hostages were set free monday by a group of taliban militants who kidnapped them and 21 others more than three weeks ago in afghanistan , an afghan official told cnn ."
men carrying rifles were posted on both sides of the vehicle as it drove away .
"like a blimp , a dirigible airship is filled with lighter than air gas but it has an internal skeleton ."
"in his first comments on the latest hostage case , karzai condemned the kidnapping , but did not say whether any deal might be possible ."
"neither have such high profile party leaders as former vice president al gore , former new york gov . mario cuomo , jesse jackson and senate majority leader harry reid of nevada ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the roman catholic church is rallying the faithful .
"the blackberry service , which lets users check e mail and access other data , has become a lifeline for many business executives and is increasingly popular among consumers with smart phones like the blackberry pearl ."
the 1879 battles of isandlwana and rourkes drift .
"he got treatment in new york on monday , then went to miami to join his wife , who gave birth to the couple s second daughter ."
the two recently published a book called scared of santa
japan worries about playing at the north korean stadium for the qualifying match of the 2006 world cup .
jack believed the number seven was lucky . jack was honoring a merchant friend who owned seven stores that distributed jack s liquor .
and a recent harris interactive survey found 92 percent of americans said they usually or always wash up after using the bathroom .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the military academy started accepting women from 1998 .
"given total private school enrollment of 6 million , that s about 2 of the student population ."
"new federal numbers put the number of americans infected with the aids virus each year close to 50 percent higher than previous estimates , activist groups and some media reported , but federal officials denied on sunday that the data was finished yet ."
the agency says showing the simpsons during a time slot for all viewers could violate venezuela s law of social responsibility in radio and television .
"the tech loaded nasdaq shed 60 . 09 , or 2 . 58 percent , to close at 2 , 271 . 48 ."
lawmakers are pushing for money to help keep the internet safe safe for teens
"chrysler group signed a deal wednesday with china s biggest automaker , chery , to manufacture small cars to export to the united states and other markets ."
"because of the recession , the league says it s trimming more than 10 percent of its headquarter staff ."
"iran funnels hundreds of millions of dollars each year through the international financial system to terrorists , paulson said ."
"mekong a treasure trove of 1 , 000 newly discovered species"
consider that a daily ticket at aspen this season is 87 junior tickets for tweens and teens are less as well .
nato s leaders have urged member countries to provide reinforcements to help in its campaign against taleban guerrillas in southern afghanistan .
"about 100 of those are believed to live on the congo side of the border , where nine gorillas have been killed since january . the other 320 live in uganda s bwindi impenetrable forest ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"failing repatriation , the lawmakers request hicks be immediately put to trial before a properly constituted u . s . criminal court ."
"i could tell that she just wasn t feeling real well , said andersen ."
"however , siniora and his anti syrian colleagues maintain a weak grip on power and face a serious challenge from politicians from the pro syrian hezbollah movement , who were emboldened after last summer s war with israel ."
"whatever the outcome , chung s case has highlighted the issue of how south korean companies are managed ."
"gps plus pointing , though , suggests an entirely new direction ."
association spokesman akira tsuchida said his organization was working with u . s . based spaceward foundation and a european organization based in luxembourg to develop an elevator design .
"however , the expense of setting up the high tech farms on pricey city land and providing enough year round heat and light could present some insurmountable obstacles ."
"schirra was commander of apollo 7 , the first manned flight of the apollo spacecraft and the saturn 1b rocket ."
"the set themselves up by setting resolutions they really don t think they re going to keep , he said ."
we are not going to simply write a bunch of checks and let them be spent without some very clear criteria as to how this money is going to benefit the overall economy and put people back to work . we re not going to be making decisions on projects simply based on politics and
it is not a prop to be used in a debate by people on either side of an issue .
"so if you look at a 7 eleven outlet , you might see a tiny yellow alien hovering by the door , visible only through the viewfinder and invisible to others ."
"the new plan will come after several different military reviews , along with an in house study at the white house ."
"the more people know you re looking for a job , the better your chances of finding one are ."
television footage showed blood at the scene of the bombing and several people lying motionless on the ground .
"on january 7 , two hooded men on a motorcycle pulled up to a bar in rio bonito where senna usually went for a beer ."
"the tibetan government in exile said at least 80 people were killed by police , but chinese officials put the death toll at 13 ."
"on tuesday , mccormack said washington was willing to give north korea a little more time to honor its pledge . the us has said it has no confirmation that north korea is starting to shut down its main nuclear reactor ."
"obama leads in the race for superdelegates , 277 to clinton s 273 , and he s ahead in the overall delegate count , 1 , 869 to 1 , 697 ."
police already have the power to stop and search people but have no right to ask them their identity and movements .
the new year period offers visitors a magical glimpse of traditional tokyo .
thirty north koreans have now succeeded in entering foreign embassies and consulates in china in the last two months to escape their homeland and gain repatriation to another country .
"the deployment will bring british troop levels in afghanistan to around 7 , 700 until 2009 , meaning britain will have more forces based there than in iraq for the first time since the 2003 iraq invasion ."
china has come under criticism for restricting web access to ordinary citizens as well as on local and foreign media covering last year s summer olympics in beijing .
whales trucked to another beach in rescue
"two drone launched strikes on friday killed 22 people , among them eight suspected foreign militants , including an egyptian al queda operative ."
"as the audience files into a theater , a young woman carrying a sledgehammer runs up the aisle and throws it at the video screen , shattering it ."
the united states on saturday emphasized the carrots it has to offer if north korea abandons the pursuit of nuclear weapons rather than the sticks it has often brandished .
smoke free laws may cut heart attack hospitalizations
"the commission said the joint visit by ferrero waldner , who has been negotiating on behalf of the 27 nation eu , and cecilia sarkozy , who visited the nurses and libyan leader colonel muammar gaddafi this month , was agreed in a telephone call between commission president jose manuel barroso and sarkozy ."
"these new values include play , nature , and freedom ."
"harry potter and the order of the phoenix took in 44 . 8 million in its first day , the best single day gross ever for a movie on a wednesday ."
draft likely to be reduced
"dan garretson , an analyst with forrester research , said he sees the automotive technology sector growing rapidly , with sales of devices like mp3 players , dvd players and satellite radios hitting a cumulative 28 million units by 2005 ."
"it followed 2003 s concert , watched by an estimated two billion people ."
"the freed sheikhs were shiite , from anbakiya tribe , the tribal leader said ."
you live far away from a children s hospital .
obama said he d propose a 10 billion foreclosure prevention fund that would help homeowners modify their home loans to avoid foreclosure and bankruptcy or help them sell the home if the payments grow beyond their means .
rub the muscle between your thumb and your forefinger for three to five minutes
"france s president nicolas sarkozy , britain s prince charles , german parliament speaker peter muller and australia s governor general quentin bryce held a joint remembrance ceremony at fort douaumont , where more than 300 , 000 men were slaughtered over 300 days during the battle of verdun ."
"the faint object , dubbed 2000 sg344 , was the first celestial body to merit a rating higher than zero on the zero to 10 torino scale of impact threats ."
"shiraz prosecutor hojatoleslam jaber baneshi told iran s official news agency , the irna , that a committee was investigating the cause . he did not rule out sabotage ."
ten other people were taken to a hospital with minor injuries .
"in 2007 forbes magazine listed her as the world s 68th richest person , with a personal fortune of 9 . 6 billion ."
deathly hallows has more than 1 million pre orders on amazon . com alone .
"the concert , which was broadcast live on north korean television and radio , was to be the highlight of a 48 hour visit that includes master classes and an open rehearsal for north korean music students , according to the orchestra ."
combined forces command cfc and the united nations command unc .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
there s too much debris in the river to continue in the river tonight .
"it s not a situation where a breakthrough is in sight , chun said ."
"according to the report , released earlier friday , interviews with flight surgeons and astronauts identified some episodes of heavy use of alcohol by astronauts in the immediate preflight period ."
money is also an issue .
"monsignor gianfranco girotti said in an interview published on sunday by the vatican s daily newspaper , l osservatore romano , that known sins increasingly manifest themselves as behavior that damages society as a whole ."
"i needed to go myself . . . to confirm in my own mind , whether they were there , gursky doyen told cnn on wednesday , after recently returning from indonesia ."
"take a disease like cholera , lautenbacher said ."
a deputy prime minister who was charged with negotiating with the demonstrators resigned over the crackdown .
voter apathy was believed partly to blame for lee s victory with turn out estimated to be about 60 one of the lowest ever for a south korean election .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2812990
"the pueblo , an american spy ship that north korea captured in 1968 , is docked on the banks of pyongyang s taedong river and receives hundreds of visitors every day ."
the case is set for trial june 11 .
"the main european markets enjoyed a mixed day with paris cac 40 down 3 . 9 percent , frankfurt s dax 30 up 0 . 9 percent and london s ftse 100 up 0 . 8 percent ."
the test of their ties comes at a sensitive time on the korean peninsula .
"fuad hussein , chief of staff for the kurdistan regional government krg , said all eight are healthy and in good condition ."
"in the new study , janet rosenbaum , ph . d . , of johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health in baltimore , maryland , analyzed the large chunk of data used in all the studies that have looked at virginity pledges the national longitudinal study of adolescent health ."
"a powerful sunni muslim tribal leader and critic of the u . s . led occupation was named president of iraq s incoming government tuesday , after iraqi leaders rejected the bush administration s preferred candidate for the post ."
"for many , though , christmas shopping might seem more a chore rather than a good way to make the most of their down time on a business trip ."
"and tina fey , who left snl two years ago to write and star in the emmy winning sitcom 30 rock , has returned weekly to play palin , increasing her own star power ."
"burris , 71 , also a democrat , served illinois from 1979 to 1992"
"when iran is able to go to the united nations complaining about the statements made and get some sympathy , that s a sign that we are taking the wrong approach ."
"conservatives are fiercely opposed to both same sex partnerships and the ordaining of gay priests , and the issue threatens to tear the anglicans apart ."
that was caused in part by u . s . banks making mortgage loans to americans with poor credit histories .
"havana , cuba cnn cuba will allow its citizens to stay in hotels previously reserved for foreigners , the latest in a series of decisions to lift bans on goods and services that the average cuban can t afford ."
a police spokesman said nam changed his workplace every two or three months in order not to be caught and would soon be extradited to the united states after appearing in a korean court .
both president kibaki and 0 dinga have called for the killing to stop .
"last month the country s highest court declared the capital relocation unconstitutional , but senior uri party members and roh administration officials said yesterday they have not given up on the plan ."
"the statue was stolen december 19 , eight days after madoff was arrested in new york on suspicion of operating a 50 billion ponzi scheme ."
"griffin died of prostate cancer , according to a statement from his family that was released by marcia newberger , spokeswoman for the griffin group merv griffin entertainment ."
officials in beijing have previously put the death toll at 19 .
"the airline said it had to switch to using a boeing 747 400 , which seats fewer people than the airbus jet , because a replacement of the fuel pump failed to solve the problem ."
ambassador to japan thomas foley .
"in a nation where parties are split into dutch and french speaking camps , forming a new government promises to be a complicated , time consuming undertaking ."
"personnel cuts would be negotiated with the papers unions , hunke said ."
it was the first confirmed fatal shooting by australian troops .
"ledger , whose performance won a best supporting actor golden globe , has been nominated in the same category at the baftas ."
"women students of one of two seminaries attached to the mosque protested in a nearby street , while their male counterparts traded gunfire with security forces ."
"the world wildlife fund warns that if all of the oil leaked , it would be one of the largest oil spills ever more than twice the size of the 1989 exxon valdez spill in alaska s prince william sound ."
"so there will be a healthy atmosphere throughout the country , he told ap television news . the leadership of the country is interested in the family ."
"sudan , and had at least one living parent ."
the violence broke out after anti u . s . demonstrators broke through riot police lines late friday afternoon to try to cut down the fences .
the outpost is in a part of the tribal territory of south waziristan that is a stronghold of taliban warlord baitullah mehsud the man the pakistani government has named a prime suspect in the december 27 assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto .
musa qala saw intense battles between taliban fighters and british troops last summer and fall .
"andrew forrester , from wales , was helping search for madeleine and found the effort of portuguese police underwhelming ."
santa cruz s broad beach is just steps away .
"men and women , rich and poor , people of all races and creeds"
"however , paulson stressed taxpayers would get a return on their money and banking excesses would be brought to an end ."
ancient semitic script is notoriously difficult to decipher .
but military and intelligence sources here said there is no solid evidence yet that leads the south korean government to a hasty conclusion north korea has completed fueling the missile and would test fire it soon .
there s things over there that . . . would boggle
"we re a close family and we try to take care of our own , he added ."
11 cases were selected out of 12 cases registered to the panel from jan .
leeman notes that in fact many have actually moved out .
draft likely to be reduced
ex the company is trying to dispel rumors about a take over .
"sharapova s agent , max eisenbud , said on tuesday that she is on track to return to action at the january 7 10 exhibition in hong kong that she usually enters ."
"the usfk chief also discussed his thoughts on north korean military threats and the american military s transformation , saying there will be no further u . s . troop cuts other than the 12 , 500 reducation by 2008 that has already been announced ."
"gault , who police said runs his own animal training business , had been interviewed several times in connection with the girl s disappearance , and had denied involvement , blatter said , although he was still considered a suspect ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
police believe abu dujana s arrest will deal a major blow to the organization .
"tehran , iran cnn iran released thursday what it says is a second letter from captured british sailor faye turney in which she criticizes british policy in iraq . isn t it time for us to start withdrawing our forces from iraq and let them determine their own future ?"
"after being told by prosecutors that their testimony could jeopardize the ongoing criminal investigation , the illinois house panel considering impeachment charges against gov . rod blagojevich will not subpoena advisers to president elect barack obama , the panel s chairwoman said sunday ."
pro tibet activists have been demonstrating outside chinese embassies around the world .
"but ronaldinho , who came on with his team losing 2 0 with 16 minutes to go , drove a trademark free kick into the top corner of the net ."
"but experts do not know why the cracks would have appeared because there have been no earthquakes reported in the area recently , romero said ."
"military doctors violate medical ethics when they approve the force feeding of hunger strikers at the u . s . prison camp at guantanamo bay , according to a commentary in a prestigious medical journal ."
"but before you start tearing your hair out about the competition or the tour process , remember that the majority of schools still accept most of those who apply ."
"according to an article in the cape argus , a cape town , south africa , newspaper , the dorm parent allegedly grabbed a pupil by the throat and threw her against a wall , the girl said ."
"in a press conference at flushing meadows , where he will play in the u . s . open next week , the 32 year old englishman said persistent back problems had convinced him it was the right time to quit ."
google launched the ambitious project september 24 to help celebrate its 10th birthday .
s . korean scientists produced the first dog clones in the world .
researchers at monash university in the southern state of victoria are amongst the world leaders in many fields of stem cell research
"it s like we were picked up and thrown away , she said ."
voters tag economy as issue no . 1
"ryan crocker , the u . s . ambassador to iraq , went further . we have to assume that anywhere al qaeda can find operating room , space , the ability to organize , to consolidate , they re going to use that to come after us , said the ambassador , who had testified side by side with petraeus the past two days on capitol hill ."
the dow is now up 18 points .
"the letter faxed to u . s . house of representatives speaker nancy pelosi asking for congress to intervene to ensure that former kangaroo skinner david hicks is not tried by a military commission at the u . s . naval base in cuba was signed by 96 senators and members of the australian house of representatives , opposition parties said ."
only his agent michael johnson and butch reynolds have run faster while watts clocked the same time at the 1992 barcelona olympics .
"the court found total guilty of maritime pollution and fined it the maximum penalty of 560 , 000 ."
"using gfp , researchers have developed ways to watch processes that were previously invisible , like the development of nerve cells or how cancer cells spread ."
"and the curious case of benjamin button received a nod for just one cast member cate blanchett , who plays pitt s love interest , was shut out ."
now i have won my second masters series title and it s crazy for me .
that completed a 6 1 aggregate victory for the spaniards in a match that was delayed following the untimely death of the spanish international full back last week from multiple organ failure following a cardiac arrest during a league match just days earlier .
the democrats co wrote the letter with the major opposition labor party .
"for that to happen , the u . s . military needs the cooperation of the shiite dominated government in baghdad ."
"through the campaign , the professors will publicize problems and possible damage the project could cause , he added ."
"and the thing that probably may encourage them a little is that sen . obama has been wrong , mccain said in an interview to be aired on cnn s the situation room at 6 p . m . et wednesday ."
this futuristic fusion of fashion and technology is becoming more common as clothes designers are increasingly incorporating electronics into their garments .
"after all , the average tv viewer spends more than 28 hours a week in front of the tube , while the average interneter burns a comparatively measly five and a half hours ."
"the white house was swift to respond , saying in a statement that bush still believes that maliki is the right person to lead iraq ."
"after taking the reins of arguably the country s most prestigious science technology university , laughlin revealed a set of reformist measures , which faced criticism ."
"to design a long term response to climate change that does not include the world s largest emitter and the world s largest economy just would not make any sense , he told reporters ."
"london , england cnn a picture of an overweight woman lying naked on a couch , painted by the british artist lucian freud , is expected to set a record for any work by a living artist when it goes up for auction tuesday night ."
"forces should go into pakistan to rout al qaeda from the safe haven it has found in the mountains on the border with afghanistan , a co chairman of the iraq study group said ."
"world leaders unveiled a set of sweeping plans on saturday aimed at tackling the ever expanding economic crisis , but as expected they sketched out an agenda for more work in coming months and another meeting early next year ."
"many nigerians support the strike because they see cheap fuel as one of the few benefits they receive from a government that has failed to deliver constant power , clean water , healthcare or decent schools ."
"during the trial , brancato said there was not a break in ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"almost one year after the original apple iphone went on sale , apple ceo steve jobs has announced a 3g version of the device , finally putting to rest months of rumors and speculation ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3027348 leicester , england cnn four men have pleaded guilty to offenses linked to a plot to kidnap a british muslim soldier on leave and behead him in a garage ."
"he also admitted thursday he is not satisfied with the investigation into her death , making his comments to reporters in a rare news conference held in english ."
"the american plans augur the biggest shift in the u . s . troop deployment on south korean soil since the early 1990s , when the two allies coordinated the removal of 7 , 000 u . s . soldiers ."
"the two suspects told the judge in wednesday s court appearance that they provided the suicide bomber with a house , transportation , a pistol , and the suicide jacket he allegedly used in the attack that killed the opposition leader and nearly two dozen others , interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema said ."
"fire inspectors had not determined what caused the blaze , said los angles county fire chief p . michael freeman ."
stocks in china and india bucked the regional trend to climb higher .
emmanuel adebayor opened the scoring from the penalty spot and cesc fabregas added a second before philippe senderos was sent off .
"the rapid rise in food prices could push 100m people in poor countries deeper into poverty , the head of the world bank , robert zoellick , has said ."
i always make promises i m going to quit
"russia will push for the resumption of the six party talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program before the end of this year , a russian parliamentary leader said here tuesday ."
"funding , from a pool of 10 million , will be awarded in may ."
"he said 3 , 500 homes would be built to link to form a corridor between the city and the largest west bank settlement ."
he said the city paid 60 for every animal recovered and another 100 for each trip to a shelter in the san juan suburb of carolina .
"in protest against the nominations , the gnp refused to adopt hearing reports on lee jae song , unification minister designate and song min soon , foreign minister designate ."
the whole chassis will be designed so that it can flat pack for easy and efficient transportation .
the jihadists have been squeezed out of the restive anbar province to the west .
nato meanwhile said militants continued to cross into afghanistan from neighboring pakistan in fairly substantial numbers .
"at least nine people fell through a section of the highest bleachers at the fonte nova stadium in the coastal city of salvador , and eight were killed , said maj . edmilson tavares of the city s federal police ."
humans would not survive in the wild alone
"cnn israel early monday began releasing hundreds of palestinian prisoners who are aligned with palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , as part of a goodwill gesture ."
"it s a very busy hotel , he said . i m absolutely certain that someone saw something that could help us in this investigation ."
"he s calling for patience , expressing confidence the economy will eventually rebound ."
announced monday that the search is on for the internet giant s next ceo .
"at the american museum of natural history , paleontologists have unveiled a nearly complete fossilized skeleton of a primate that lived 47 million years ago ."
"president roh moo hyun vowed on tuesday south korea would strongly defend dokdo against japanese claims , defining tokyo s repeated provocation as an act negating this country s complete liberation and independence from its former colonial ruler ."
"earlier this year , protesters shut cuzco s airport and blocked the only rail line to machu picchu to make their point ."
the soft drink maker said months ago that it would give a free drink to everyone in america if the band finally delivered the long overdue album this year .
"in baghdad , an aide to sadr accused the us of killing unarmed people at the mosque ."
referee anders frisk had to abandon a champions league match when he was hit by a cigarette lighter at rome s stadio olimpico and he left the field with blood streaming down his face .
"the bank of japan s quarterly tankan report of business confidence also showed signs of improvement , with business expressing increased optimism about the june quarter ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
president bush has frequently asked lawmakers and the american people to withhold judgment on his troop surge in iraq until the report comes out in september .
draft likely to be reduced
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
obama even announced sen . joe biden as his choice for vice president in a text message to supporters .
"about 1 , 000 people had been lining up to buy sugar as early as 6 a . m . , and some scaled over the wall as soon as the guard attempted to open the gate , the report said ."
"ashton bonds was a senior at staunton river high school in moneta , virginia , who was diagnosed with mrsa ."
in a statement brand said he took complete responsibility for the incident .
"the incoming administration plans to abolish the government information agency gia , revive pressrooms at government offices and downsize the prime minister s office ."
"we had no idea of the gravity of the situation , or we would ve stopped the show ."
"the prank calls row has already claimed the scalp of brand , who resigned wednesday ."
"in 1994 the u . s . military began allowing women to serve in posts other than front line infantry , special operations and artillery units ."
new york cnn a new york city council member thursday proposed pushing sponsors to ban abnormally thin models from walking new york fashion week s runways .
the man tipped to be russia s next president said tuesday he wanted incumbent president vladimir putin to become the country s next prime minister .
guests who said they were going blind or battling cancer told him they wanted to view the auroras at least once in their lives .
"like a long row of dominoes , one 24 hour service pushes against another and forces it to fall in line ."
"two men on a motorcycle used water pistols to spray acid on girls walking to school wednesday in the southern afghan city of kandahar , blinding at least two of them , military spokesmen said ."
"hosseini s announcement came shortly after a top iranian envoy , ali larijani , arrived in baghdad for talks on issues to be raised at the conference ."
his remarks came as the six party talks on pyongyang s nuclear programs set to resume in beijing .
michigan governor jennifer granholm says the auto industry crisis is urgent
"though carter has not officially endorsed a candidate and made no such announcement on sunday , he hinted last week that he is going to vote for obama ."
"tokyo , japan cnn with steely arms sprouting cables and wires , the wao 1 robot looks nothing like a relaxation device ."
"ministry of commerce , industry and energy"
"lo foresees a future in which permanent space outposts could line the superhighway , serving as supply depots for human explorers traveling along the same routes ."
"park said that there are more than 70 online communities at a portal site serving as middlemen for prostitutes and their clients , and among them , more than 41 were actively working ."
"metcalf said the fires were consuming homes in the communities of escondido , rancho bernardo , poway , forest ranch and lake hodges ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"gates letter requested a contribution to a reinforcement of 3 , 200 troops for the nato mission in southern afghanistan , the newspaper reported , especially with the helicopter units and paratroopers in the south ."
"hong seok hyun , former south korean ambassador to the united states , was questioned by the prosecution over his alleged involvement in a political fund scandal ."
"the greek members of the clergy wanted one of their monks present , the ap reported , for fear that the procession would undermine their claim to an ancient structure built on what is believed to be the tomb of jesus ."
"which presley performed in his 1968 film live a little , love a lot , has been drawing brisk sales and heavy radio airplay since it was released there as a single last week ."
"the last round of talks , held in july , ended with an agreement on a timetable for north korea to resume disabling its nuclear facilities ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"local prices are so high and inventory so sparse that seitz , like many alaskans living far from the road system , buys nearly all her food and household staples from big box chain stores in cities hundreds of miles away ."
"the six workers from a charity called zoe s ark had tried to take the 103 children to france for adoption , claiming they were evacuating orphans from sudan s darfur region ."
"we don t need to comment on that . spokesmen for the culture ministry and state administration of radio , film and television could not be reached for comment ."
"it s my dream and my hope that someday in my lifetime , hopefully this year , we ll see a major breakthrough , said carter , who met with al zahar and seyam after talks with egyptian president hosni mubarak ."
"once spaniards heard these lyrics , they sparked a lot of controversy , even rejection , alejandro blanco , president of the spanish olympic committee , told a packed news conference this week ."
the britons are being held in an undisclosed location without access to british diplomats . sincere apologies or coerced statements ?
"bush s white house talks with israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas came on the eve of a conference in annapolis , maryland , among representatives of more than 40 countries , including a wide array of arab nations such as syria and saudi arabia ."
"if you are overweight , losing just 10 percent of your body weight can provide a significant health improvement ."
"prince harry is the younger son of prince charles , the heir to the british throne , and the late princess diana , who died in a paris car crash in 1997 ."
"president bush insisted that al qaeda and al qaeda in iraq are part of the same terrorist network , during a speech tuesday at charleston air force base in south carolina ."
the two planets discovered by geoffrey marcy of san francisco state university and his associate paul butler are not the first ones ever discovered beyond our solar system .
"north korea is proposing to freeze its main nuclear reactor and allow u . n . monitoring in return for massive energy shipments and normal relations with the united states , according to an american nuclear expert who visited pyongyang last week ."
"the mandatory military service period will be shortened to 18 months on a gradual basis from next year , a government source said monday ."
"more important , the test captures only a basic level of education , ignoring the differences among literate people , some of whom are much better educated than others ."
the first asked her parents to look after her husband and young daughter .
"neil , 32 , has been accused of sexually abusing at least a dozen cambodian and vietnamese boys , some as young as 6 years old ."
"a majority of debate watchers think sen . barack obama won the third and final presidential debate , according to a national poll conducted right afterward ."
the museum has come under pressure over allegations of acquiring ancient art pieces illegally when a former getty curator was charged with art theft and a trust chairman resigned in 2006 following controversies over art looting .
"jobs , 52 , and gates , 51 , reminisced about the industry and old partnerships ."
"also , soldiers said , the people in the car seemed nervous and the groom refused to lift his bride s veil when soldiers asked him to , according to the official ."
"gary zerola s dark , brooding looks and his work on behalf of foster children helped earn him a spot on people magazine s list of america s most eligible bachelors and a tryout for the tv reality show the bachelor ."
"parties opened fire monday on lee myung bak , presidential candidate of the main opposition grand national party gnp , after his lawyer requested that a u . s . court delay the extradition of lee s business partner kim kyung jun ."
global markets slide on grim corporate outlook
this is the first full debate in the house since the democrats took control of congress in november .
because art is important .
denk is the fourth person to claim he could be the child s father .
"pakistan also tested its first missile in 1998 , while new delhi tested its first atomic bomb in 1974 ."
"local media reported that the four men met the woman in a restaurant in hiroshima on october 14 , 2007 , then allegedly attacked and raped her in a car in nearby parking lot ."
"the resolution is expected to be proposed to a house plenary session in the second week of july and is expected to pass smoothly in view of the passage at the committee , rep ."
"it was dented by overseas summer trips and a rise in imports , the central bank said on wednesday ."
"just recently , the two finally met in person and hit it off ."
his billions gave chelsea massive spending power to win two successive premier league titles under jose mourinho and accelerated the trend of foreign ownership in english football .
we know this started as a domestic dispute
"at the nonpartisan twittervotereport . com , specially tagged twitter . com micro blogs about voting were being aggregated and pinpointed on an ever changing online map ."
the business community has also been taking a beating
"prime minister kostas karamanlis declared a nationwide state of emergency saturday night , mobilizing all resources ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
some refineries have stopped processing to avoid losses .
a taliban spokesman said two members of the group s top council had been promised safe passage by the afghan government to meet with the south korean negotiators .
flying with the flu ?
the writers group unveiled his bloom county strip in 1980
"that may sound like a slight chance by terrestrial standards , but it was a biggie for asteroid watchers ."
smith said the new measures will shift the focus onto sex buyers because they create demand for prostitution and demand for the trafficking of women for sex .
the report of the house of commons international development committee said britain should work with the united nations to ensure that the aid reached the refugees themselves and did not benefit the burmese military government .
"tuesday s decision by the council of state the highest administrative court in the netherlands means kazemi could face deportation to britain , which he fears will send him back to iran ."
"the state council , or cabinet , has transferred jin to a government think tank , where he will be deputy chief , a ministerial level position ."
president george w . bush tentatively slated for between late september and early october
"senators could consider a tax break for home buyers today , after adding help for car buyers and the auto industry yesterday ."
"the scuffle took place at reconciliation place , where the relay begins , according to police , who said the man was interfering with the start of the relay . they gave out no further details ."
"they claim the first drug sodium thiopental which renders the prisoner unconscious , wears off too quickly , and that some prisoners are actually awake and able to feel pain as the procedure continues ."
i m confident that at the end of the day i will be properly exonerated .
two men among the group of 23 south koreans kidnapped on july 19 have already been killed .
watch out car accidents on halloween day !
"islam has taken a more conservative and assertive form , with sharia courts challenging the country s secular constitution ."
"the destruction of the peatlands releases 1 . 8 billion tons of greenhouse gas each year , greenpeace said ."
"and then , johnson and her boyfriend couldn t find an apartment without proving the pets were declawed ."
"alejandro foxley , the chilean foreign minister , said he worried that colombia s action would set a bad precedent in a region that , more than anything , needs to be united ."
"and like harry s family at the time , readers don t know if his most recent update will be his last ."
many homes in the fishing and diving centre of gizo were destroyed or badly damaged by both the earthquake and the resulting wall of water .
"if the plan catches on , it s hoped up to a trillion dollars worth of toxic paper can be swept off the balance sheets of america s struggling banks ."
one of the highest honors and privileges of my life
we ve lost the balance between work and wealth .
draft likely to be reduced
"while the t shirt idea is her latest promotion , she also posted her resume on her car window and sent postcards to potential employers"
airstrikes then targeted the militants in the village .
"the aftershock was felt in chengdu , one of the largest cities in sichuan province and about 150 miles from"
"koreans toil long hours , but they don t necessarily toil effectively ."
"in contrast , abdul could be seen nodding in approval ."
olympic judo champion yvonne boenisch of germany plans to boycott the opening ceremony at the beijing games .
threat of terror attacks in middle eastern are growing ahead of the islamic holy month of ramadan .
"although iceland is seismically active , its last major quakes were on june 17 and june 21 , 2000 , with quakes of 6 . 5 and 6 . 4 , respectively ."
living in a cage in hong kong
fighter jets spewed colored smoke as they formed the shape of a heart overhead .
living in a cage in hong kong
"even as a youngster , jack understood that if people remembered him , they would remember his whiskey ."
fear of an iranian nuclear threat to europe is one reason the bush administration pushed so hard for a missile defense base in poland and the czech republic .
the leading presidential candidate said that a stock manipulator should not become the president .
scientists say eastern gray kangaroos are abundant and are destroying the native grassland of threatened species like the grassland earless dragon and the striped legless lizard .
"mullen says , however , he s reluctant to talk about winning and losing ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"martinez , california cnn 8212 as the contra costa county clerk in northern california , stephen weir has signed off on hundreds of marriages and officiated over several ceremonies ."
"in theory , by removing his patient s teeth ravaged by gum disease , we reduced the number of inflamed and infected sites in her mouth , which may reduce her overall inflammatory burden and thus reduce her risk for cardiovascular disease , said bouloux , an assistant professor at emory university in atlanta , georgia ."
"but 14 other people remained in custody in the african nation , some facing serious charges that could send them to jail for up to 20 years ."
"in the bloodiest single incident , 13 iraqi soldiers died when a suicide attacker drove a fuel tanker into an army base in mosul in northern iraq ."
"the nine were picked up in early morning raids west of paris and in evreux , 55 miles northwest of the french capital ."
"during the crew s nearly 10 days at the space station , the astronauts installed a new truss segment , unfurled a new pair of power generating solar arrays , and activated a rotating joint that allows the new solar arrays to track the sun ."
"irwin , who was 44 , died after being struck in the chest by the stingray s barb while he was filming a documentary in queensland s great barrier reef ."
the once popular act of coupon cutting introduced by the inventor of coca cola syrup more than 100 years ago is again becoming a household chore .
"in a long delayed annual report to congress , the defense department said that taiwan s permanent separation from the mainland could serve as a strategic foothold for the unitedstates ."
"jon , the president s lifting a ban on funding studies using stem cells from embryos harvested after bush s announcement ."
"bush shrugged off fresh attacks from chavez , his primary south american adversary ."
"the former first lady was born claudia alta taylor in 1912 in karnack , texas , a small town near the louisiana line ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the only member of prime minister john howard s center right government to sign the letter was barnaby joyce , a maverick senator from the junior coalition partner , the nationals party , his office confirmed friday ."
"aquino , 41 , is a former philippine national police officer who pleaded guilty in july 2006 to taking classified documents , obtained from aragoncillo , and passing them on to philippine officials plotting to overthrow arroyo ."
"she doesn t belong to anybody , somebody s going to belong to her , said event organizer sharon king davis , whose grandfather helped bury the plymouth ."
statute of limitations
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"i am very saddened , mitchell told the workers and chinese embassy staff from grenada and neighboring trinidad and tobago ."
"the church demands that the order of creation be respected , the pope said monday , defining the nature of the human being as man and woman , according to excerpts released by the vatican ."
the 70 year old ex film star was found to have embezzled 80 million dollars 42m before being forced from office in 2001 .
iraqs prime minister insists theres no room for militants in the new iraq .
"bush said the u . s . still had work to do to convince moscow that the missile defence system was not intended as a threat to russia , saying the system was defensive , not offensive and that people should accept that the cold war is over , ap said ."
a search for the gator was called off late tuesday after storms swept through the area .
"a drunk passenger tried to hijack a turkish airlines flight to russia on wednesday before he was brought under control , the head of turkey s civil aviation authority said ."
"the bank said one of its traders , a french man in his 30s , had made fraudulent transactions involving european index futures that were beyond his permitted trading limits , then created false transactions to cover his tracks ."
"this combination provides our organizations with the ability to grow and accelerate the global flow of equity capital , said nasdaq s chief executive , robert greifeld , who will be chief executive of nasdaq omx group ."
"the pipeline brings in 700 , 000 barrels of oil a day from the north sea to bp s kinneil plant , which is powered from the grangemouth site ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"most of them are floating in the asteroid belt , an elliptical plane located between mars and jupiter ."
these highly honed skills are used daily in conflict zones such as iraq and afghanistan .
"no one actually loves the truth , but someone has to say it , he says ."
the democrats co wrote the letter with the major opposition labor party .
"it will be located on the unter den linden boulevard , close to the german capital s landmark brandenburg gate ."
"however , the house arrest was lifted thursday and hundreds of police officers outside her home were dispersing , police sources said ."
"the extra 42 billion would pay for training , base consolidation , and more vehicles designed to withstand bombings ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2675391
"teams from the two koreas , china , japan , russia and the us have been taking part in the beijing talks ."
"we ve had some promising results , derek mcleish , president and ceo of the santa barbara based company , told cnn ."
it is not a prop to be used in a debate by people on either side of an issue .
cowell is looking for more than just a good voice .
"the audience , two thirds of mideast descent , explodes in laughter ."
"the move came as several chinese government agencies , including the ministry of public security , launched a month long campaign to clean up the web , according to the state run xinhua news service ."
"she said cheetah s continued interaction with humans was delaying the social integration of the animal in the group , and isolating the ape from the others ."
"the north retaliated by expelling u . n . monitors , withdrawing from the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and restarting a nuclear reactor that had been mothballed for years under u . n . seal ."
six americans are among the dead . nasa keeps endeavour in orbit high winds and storms and the forecast for the kennedy space center in florida force cancellation to the day s first opportunity to land .
i can lead this party to victory in the general election if you lead me to victory now .
at stake are 24 delegates to august s democratic national convention in denver .
"london , england cnn britain is to ramp up security at air and rail terminals as part of sweeping new anti terror measures that will see buildings bomb proofed and citizens placed under more surveillance , prime minister gordon brown said wednesday ."
"at some point the world community needs to come together and draft some new convention or treaty , said paul dempsey , director of the institute of air and space law and mcgill university in montreal . it is an open wound that needs to be healed ."
she stands here today to take her to texas and put her in the ground all alone .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
it would not have gone 200 meters into the atmosphere before tehran would be razed .
au commissioner for peace and security said djinnit said sunday that the attack occurred in the haskanita area of darfur .
"a majority of americans believe that gays and lesbians could not change their sexual orientation even if they wanted to , according to results of a cnn opinion research corporation poll released wednesday ."
markets across the world made impressive gains monday after european banks followed britain s lead and announced huge bailouts for their banking sectors .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"it s a high tech but earnest spy thriller , which comes in roughly midway between the geopolitical pretensions of syriana and the action speaks louder than words thrust of the bourne movies ."
cnn venezuelan president hugo chavez threatened sunday to cut off his country s oil shipments to the united states if a court ruling goes forward ordering venezuelan assets be frozen in a case brought by exxon mobil .
yang returned home after eight hours but her mother was still being questioned as of 10 00 p . m .
"a claim by a local television broadcaster that former president kim dae jung has an illegitimate daughter , who for years was looked after by spy agency operatives , was rejected as baseless yesterday by kim s aides ."
"the trailer was found by police on monday about 18 miles 29 kilometers away in salford , greater manchester minus its valuable load ."
"london , england cnn a british teenage actor playing a minor role in the upcoming harry potter film was stabbed to death during a brawl in london on saturday , police said ."
but his opponents have used the bbk scandal to question his ethical standards .
rescuers have had no contact with the missing men since the mine collapsed august 6 .
"in exchange for north korea s denuclearization , the nations have pledged to provide the reclusive communist nation with political and economic incentives and security guarantees ."
now we can say we are the best team in the world . we knew they could create problems but i think today we kept them down to a minimum of chances .
at some point in time sooner rather than later you ve got to say enough is enough . kosovo is independent and that s the position we ve taken . full story
deivson bobo made it two with nine minutes left before gerrard s header gave liverpool hope but a ferocious final effort failed to save the visitors .
do cartoon aliens show the way to riches from augmented reality ?
prostitution is legal in brazil .
"the walk back will take about 3 1 2 hours , leaving plenty of time for swimming , sunbathing and lots of photography along the way ."
"beijing , china cnn 8212 floods in southern china have killed 57 people and forced more than a million people from their homes , state media reported monday ."
"flags were flying at half staff , and television stations took entertainment programs off the air , in accordance with putin s decree , reuters reported ."
"rising sun 1992 came out during a time when americans feared japanese ascendance , particularly when it came to technology ."
"he said afterwards that alonso , who finished fourth , had not spoken to him since saturday , adding i don t know if he has a problem ."
"heavy rain was forecast to continue to hit large swathes of china through the weekend , including the huai river basin ."
"the thing about ronaldo is that he wants to play with skill and he wants to use the skill all the time , which is great credit to him ."
"if you put a rat in a cage by itself , it won t do well on cognitive tests . but if you give it toys and put other rats in its cage , they re going to be smarter rats ."
"the hero is 57 year old chesley sullenberger , a former air force fighter pilot who s been flying for us airways since 1980 ."
"it is truly a great honor to introduce the 67th secretary of state of the united states of america , hillary clinton ."
"he said the new law would follow the example of legislation elsewhere in the eu , including mandatory counselling for women who want to terminate their pregnancy ."
"west ham united is a wonderful club and a well run company , fridgeirsson said ."
"she worked in film , theater , cabaret , music and on television during her lengthy career ."
"the former lorraine motel is now the national civil rights museum in memphis , and its president , beverly robertson , allowed cnn unprecedented access not only to the second floor balcony where king was killed , but also to the museum s remarkable display of the evidence , including ray s rifle and his prison radio , both left behind as he drove away ."
the nigerian government and rebel militia fighting in the oil producing niger delta agreed a truce on wednesday while talks took place on rebel demands for autonomy .
"peipah s 65 mph 100 kph winds struck the philippines sunday evening and moved into south china sea , forecasters said ."
"it could even attract a bigger audience in 2008 , thanks to the hollywood writers strike ."
"in paris , french foreign minister philippe douste blazy declined to comment on the video , saying the footage was being analyzed ."
"as if the hand of an invisible enemy were on the body s thermostat , offsetting hard won reductions of consumed calories ."
chinese style sampans as well as gondolas will sail down canals .
it looked as though united might pay a heavy price for squandered chance when four minutes after the restart vidic was red carded
"his critics accuse him of corruption and abusing power , which he denies ."
shuttle discovery will be docked with the international space station for the next 8 days .
"chavez pledged to support ecuador in any circumstance , he said on his weekly talk show , alo presidente , or hello , president ."
"nearly 400 fuel efficient hybrids have been tested in the city s taxi fleet over the past 18 months , with models including the toyota prius , the toyota highlander hybrid , the lexus rx 400h and the ford escape ."
"the pair , whose names tuan and yuan together mean reunion , will live in a four story building at the taipei city zoo , and their lodgings will include an outdoor playground , the agency said ."
"the contract s signing will likely be timed with the visit of . . . chavez to moscow , which is expected in may , the official was quoted as saying by interfax ."
obama has taken the day off from campaigning to visit his gravely ill grandmother in hawaii .
"but like copy proof key disks of the past , these methods can frustrate legitimate buyers and are frequently overcome by industrious software pirates ."
"bollywood star priyanka chopra started what was billed as the world s largest ever fireworks display , with more than 100 , 000 pyrotechnic devices ."
"the three men were alone in the room , without any aides , in an effort to show we support genuine dialogue , wetangula said ."
"the infected area is about the size of a tennis ball , hospital officials said ."
"in studies when researchers showed erotic photos to people as they underwent brain scans , they found activity in the hypothalamus and amygdala areas of the brain ."
"as many as 400 homes may have been destroyed , the local red cross estimated , and a shelter has been opened at the first baptist church ."
"it s clear proof of political discrimination , student leader stalin gonzalez said ."
"the philippine archipelago lies on the pacific ocean s ring of fire , where volcanic activity and earthquakes are common ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the korean won is forecast to gain further against the dollar this year on globally weak dollar sentiment amid the record high u . s . fiscal and current account deficits , analysts said ."
"liverpool captain steven gerrard criticized styles performance , saying he cracked under pressure on the penalty decision ."
"advances in body armor have made protecting the core of a body easier , but more than 60 percent of injuries in military and law enforcement conflicts today are to the extremities , said terry naughton , director of industrial security at blackhawk ."
"although more expensive , it s best to take a cab that is either registered with the hotel or waiting at a cab stand . here are hikes you can easily do from mexico city ."
"meanwhile , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice is being sent to kenya in the coming few days to support efforts to end violence there ."
"affects our cardiovascular health , said dr . lori mosca , director of preventive cardiology at new york presbyterian hospital , who was not involved in the research ."
allawi accused the prime minister of supporting militias to take the rule of law in their hands .
"so , in that sense , it almost surely has contributed to the deepening of the gloom ."
"at home , 3 month old jack and 2 year old rachel don t quite understand what their parents are watching ."
country s capital .
students at the mosque and its attached religious schools have waged a campaign for months pressing for sharia law .
"these are useful discussions and we hope a great deal will come from these discussions , altit said . all efforts are welcome and we welcome with interest anything that contributes to a solution ."
"beijing , china cnn authorities in southwestern china watched nervously wednesday as rising water behind an earthquake created dam neared a spillway designed to relieve pressure on it ."
"among the 1 , 600 people expected to attend the gala are diver sammy lee , the first asian american to win an olympic gold medal , and retired col ."
he described those who escaped as supporters of leftist insurgents in the region .
"disneyland authorities immediately shut down the ride , and it remained closed tuesday ."
"bulgaria s foreign ministry has summoned the czech ambassador in sofia to lodge a protest about the piece , according to the czech news agency ."
"we are bound by ideals that move us beyond our backgrounds , lift us above our interests and teach us what it means to be citizens ."
"lopez s manager , simon fields , confirmed the babies names to people magazine on friday ."
the residential component will not occur for several years .
"his perfectly weighted pass sent patrice evra clear down the left and the french defender crossed towards giggs , who showed great awareness to lift a first time shot into the top corner ."
beijing has been under pressure to act over increasing concern both at home and abroad about the poor standards of chinese produced food and medicines .
it s very tight quarters as the string quartet plays everything from bach and smetana to czech folk favorites and 1930s anti fascism blues .
"so i have to prove myself , i guess ."
lawyers representing the sudanese government did not offer opening statements or closing arguments or question any witnesses .
"last year , the military opened some airspace to some commercial flights on the east coast ."
district attorney brad foulk said he would not discuss those details to protect the family s privacy and because authorities planned to conduct more interviews .
"this increase likely is the result of several factors , including a true increase in disease incidence and enhanced case detection resulting from implementation of laboratory based surveillance in several states , the cdc said in its weekly report on death and disease ."
nominations for the 80th academy awards were announced last week .
countless others have been forced out of their homes and are living in refugee camps .
the three had followed another pakistani man the alleged explosives expert who had just arrived after a five month stay in pakistan .
"police , in their statement , said the alleged assault took place at a business in central london , and the allegation , which remains under investigation , was received in may ."
"taken place in an area that has been beset by feuds between rival militant groups and tribes , which have included suicide attacks , and bombings of each other s mosques ."
"travelers not familiar with the rules should place all liquids , gels and aerosols in checked baggage"
"no senator or representative shall , during the time for which he was elected , be appointed to any civil office under the authority of the united states , which shall have been created , or the emoluments whereof shall have been increased during such time ."
"the image shows the afterglow of the big bang , called the cosmic microwave background radio rays ."
"the six members of the prague based ztohoven group were charged last month with spreading false information and face up to three years in jail if convicted , said dusan ondracek , the state prosecutor in the northern town of trutnov , who is in charge of the case ."
the judge worked hard to keep things on track .
"the paris relay started to go wrong almost from the start , despite the presence of 3 , 000 police along the route , riding motorcycles , jogging or on skates ."
"many students will have a body of knowledge , and they may be expected to be trusted on that in the interview ."
"jerusalem cnn under threat from romans ransacking jerusalem 2 , 000 years ago , many of the city s jewish residents crowded into an underground drainage channel to hide and later flee the chaos through jerusalem s southern end ."
"as an example , google cited the invention of the hippo water roller , a barrel shaped container that holds 24 gallons and can be rolled with little effort like a wheelbarrow , making it easier for african villagers on foot to transport critically needed fresh water to their homes ."
"roh is expected to be the fourth head of state to renounce his membership in the governing party like his predecessors roh tae woo , kim young sam and kim dae jung ."
"these days , some people are just in need of money . henriksen was paid 1 , 200 for 27 inches of her tresses ."
the remainder are to be fitted with devices to reduce the level of fumes which escape when vehicles fill up .
half of the department s 40 towns were affected by violence last night .
"after initially climbing onto a bus , maradona returned to the entrance of glasgow airport and signed autographs , including on a poster of his famous handball goal against england ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
bhutto hopes to win a third term for herself as prime minister of pakistan .
"after tuesday s contests , she needs to acknowledge that he s going to be the nominee and quickly get behind him , vilsack also said ."
"on the other side of the great divide , rupert murdoch of news corp ."
but he stressed the korean troops will focus on economic rehabilitation and humanitarian activities .
draft likely to be reduced
"the second round of ticket sales has just been launched , and applicants will be randomly allocated seats ."
there was no immediate response from the u . s . state department .
"russia opposes the proposed expansion , fearing it will reduce its own influence over its neighbors ."
"earlier , the hamas captors of israeli soldier gilad shalit broadcast what they say is his first audio message ."
a court appointed translator told cnn that all 10 suspects testified during their arraignments that they were innocent .
miliband said the u . s . government had assured britain that no u . s . detainees were ever held on diego garcia .
"a new york state judge has ruled that dell , one of the world s leading computer companies , and its financing unit engaged in fraud , false advertising , deceptive business conduct and abusive debt collection practices ."
"the mummy will remain in the tomb indefinitely unlike other egyptian royal mummies , who are displayed in museums ."
she d heard it might stave off alzheimer s disease .
"at twilight , first time poets savor that magic moment when the sky turns into a rich blue dome as bright as the medieval tower that holds it high ."
"the new wonders were announced at a star studded event saturday in lisbon , portugal , that featured performances by jennifer lopez and chaka khan ."
"the film premieres here sunday , just four days before it opens in theaters worldwide ."
"in a special press conference at the grand national party headquarters in yeouido , lee made promises that once elected , he will stay out of party affairs to follow the existing party platform created while park was the chairwoman , particularly in deciding the nominations for the legislative elections ."
ten people were slightly injured .
"similarly , he told couples to seek marital counseling ahead of time if they re having trouble communicating ."
"video showed dozens of ambulances and fire trucks on the scene , which was enveloped in black smoke ."
district court judge louis stanton said the order appeared necessary to prevent madoff or an agent from moving funds out of the court s jurisdiction and to preserve the status quo for whatever may come from future proceedings .
"seven of the surviving actors who played the inhabitants of munchkinland in the 1939 classic attended the ceremony , arriving in a horse drawn carriage and trailed by a marching band ."
"the committee handling preparations for the apec 2005 discussed the selection of the venue for the biennial summit of 21 asia pacific countries , in a three way competition among seoul , busan and jeju ."
"last year the head of mi5 , britain s domestic spy service , said that about 30 terrorism plots were being worked on and agents were monitoring around 1 , 600 suspects ."
"los angeles , california cnn hollywood writers and studio representatives began last ditch negotiations sunday in an effort to prevent a strike , the writers union said ."
what s done is done .
video from the lake arrowhead area in san bernardino county showed dozens of homes charred as huge plumes of smoke filled the sky .
"once in myanmar , gambari was taken to the isolated bunker like capital naypyidaw for talks with senior government officials in hopes of finding a peaceful resolution to the ongoing clashes ."
"the race , once known as the paris dakar , was canceled following warnings from the french government about safety after the al qaida linked december 24 slaying of a family of french tourists in mauritania ."
sound familiar ?
golf s young bloods set to storm 2009
the huge disparity highlights how japan s export driven economy is faring against the decline of worldwide consumer demand .
"at the same time , new tests show what scientists have suspected"
justice minister chris ellison said canberra preferred to communicate directly with the u . s . government in its efforts to have hicks brought to justice quickly rather than write to congress .
"former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , who has been living in exile since 1999 , says she plans to return to her country on october 18 ."
"the santa claus , who did not want to identify himself , was later"
"they re always saying , when is the next album ? they know when i finish in the studio it s got to be a few years before the next album ."
"gypsy lawson , 28 , and her mother , fran ogren , 56 , were convicted of smuggling and conspiracy to smuggle the monkey in violation of the endangered species act and other federal laws ."
it was not immediately known why minaz was banned .
"the band s attorneys tell the detroit free press for thursday s edition that activision properly secured permission to use what i like about you , allowing it to record a cover version ."
"some of the victims were waiting in line to get christmas presents wrapped at von maur , an upscale department store ."
"there was one other death in enterprise and one fatality in wilcox county , where a number of homes were destroyed , richardson said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the only exceptions are diplomats , government guests and permanent residents such as koreans who have lived in japan for generations ."
"and they all come together to watch or they share with a friend , said faris ."
"rounding out his monday announcements , obama named retired marine gen . jim jones as his national security adviser , eric holder as attorney general , arizona gov . janet napolitano as homeland security secretary and susan rice as ambassador to the united nations ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"individuals begin breeding dogs at home for profit , shen says ."
"but several residents of hamdaniya , including the victim s relatives , gave a different account , prompting a criminal investigation ."
to our immense satisfaction we realized with had reached the top of the world .
employees often forget that their performances are graded in some form or another .
13 . not asking questions
"i was very erratic and didn t play the way i wanted , but a win is a win ."
he also won 10 gold medals at the world championships .
"ivory trading has been outlawed since 1989 by the convention on international trade in endangered species cites , following a collapse in the african elephant population which saw numbers decline from 1 . 3 million in 1979 to just 300 , 000 by 1998 ."
during that appearance he spoke only briefly raising his voice as he invoked the words of his mother .
"the us senate has voted in favor of a bill to tighten rules on lobbying and ethics for lawmakers , following its approval in the lower house ."
that smashed into the earth 65 million years ago .
next year is shaping up to be an eventful one for travelers .
rudd s policy on kyoto leaves the united states isolated as the only industrialized country not to ratify the pact .
and the couple fell behind on the mortgage last month .
judges spent several hours interviewing duch on tuesday before formally filing charges against him .
"officials , however , said they would distribute copies to journalists on thursday following widespread criticism from foreign diplomats and alston ."
"maj . gen . waheed arshad said the first phase , which focused on clearing the area of militants and ensuring innocent women and children were not inside , was finished and the second phase , the combing operation , was about to end ."
the israelis had no information about casualties .
"past weekends have produced such companies as market monitor , a search engine optimization tool , and idream , an online collection of dreams and dream interpretations ."
rather maintains the story was true .
the return of the king
chinese army division prepares for a prolonged deployment along the chinese n . k . border .
the united states and its allies say they are willing to provide aid if north korea freezes its nuclear facilities and commits itself to dismantling them .
"about 90 , 000 students attend those schools ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"though the desert monarchy s ruling family has close ties to the united states , it was also the home of 15 of the 19 suicide hijackers behind al qaeda s september 11 , 2001 , attacks on new york and washington ."
"marulanda , 74 , died march 26 of a heart attack in one of the forested hideouts used by farc , colombia s revolutionary armed forces , according to a taped speech by farc commander timoleon jimenez , also known as timochenko ."
"officials said the accident at suvarnabhumi airport was related to the unusually long wingspan of the plane . it was not due to problems with traffic control or human error of the captain , said thai airways president apinan sumanaseni ."
the recession is leading some people to take the art of being a tightwad to new extremes .
"the airline must return the money by the end of the year , the official said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"an angry mob repeatedly clashed with riot police and torched cars and buildings in the town of villiers le bel , north of paris , after two teens on a motorcycle were killed following a collision with a police car sunday night ."
and to score the winning goal is a great feeling . united captain rio ferdinand said
his popularity has prompted a wave of calls by political allies for him to change his mind .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"if found guilty , the defendants could face up to 20 years in prison ."
both control parts of the region which is predominantly muslim .
the objective is to find them then assist them back to their planet .
the country is believed to have countless mountainside tunnels in which to hide projects .
"this week , 91 of the world s finest musicians will clear their diaries and fly to jerusalem for a rare performance of the world orchestra for peace ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
health experts say you can gain the most from a walking program if you walk about five kilometers an hour for thirty minutes a day .
"if all goes well and the nfl lets him in , vick will be free to report to summer camp in late july ."
the news has been hailed as a significant step toward the therapeutic use of stem cells to cure chronic diseases .
used to survive in harsh environmental conditions .
"in the press room , gore was asked how it feels to be a rock star ."
when do we want it ?
"he has said the last thing he remembers that night was leaving the ritz hotel in paris , and that his next memory is more than a week later , in his hospital bed , when his parents told him everyone else in the car was dead ."
"it probably had stubby limbs with an unknown number of digits , scientists said ."
"at their 17th apec meeting there , ministers reaffirmed in their joint statement the utmost importance attached by apec economies to the successful conclusion of the doha development agenda dda negotiations by the end of 2006 with an ambitious and overall balanced outcome ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"obama , mccain campaigns computers hacked for policy data"
both best picture winners at the oscars as well as critical favorites
"light , sweet crude for july delivery edged 25 cents lower to settle at 134 . 61 ."
justice minister chris ellison said canberra preferred to communicate directly with the u . s . government in its efforts to have hicks brought to justice quickly rather than write to congress .
"it s just been lately that swine flu has been all over the news , but researchers this morning say parts of this particular strain have been around for a while ."
"one of the newspapers dated from december 1988 , leading police to believe that was when that body was placed there ."
"meanwhile , two goals by skipper stanislav vlcek gave slavia prague a shock 2 1 win over ajax for a 3 1 aggregate victory ."
the typhoon was packing winds of up to 162 kilometers per hour as of yesterday morning as it barreled toward japan s southernmost main island of kyushu .
"citing unidentified experts , newsis reported that the explosives , if placed correctly in the right places , could bring down the 63 building in yeouido , which is 60 stories high ."
iraq and syria agrees to increase security along their border .
"and because space is tight , food is washed and prepared in an underground kitchen ."
a report in harvard men s health watch suggests that as little as two ounces of nuts per week might lower your risk of heart disease .
"iranian foreign ministry spokesman mohammad ali hosseini called the detentions an interventionist act , according to the islamic republic news agency ."
"you know , in politics , we all experience the highs and the lows , and i ve experienced both over a long political career ."
"there , in arguably the most liberal city in the united states , protesters , armed with megaphones and poster board signs , rallied against battlecry on the steps of city hall as the christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration of their own ."
"we must make haste , because we must stabilize the marketplace , he said . this is a worldwide crisis , so therefore we must find a worldwide solution ."
"they severely reprimanded the kfa and chung during tuesday s inspection , which was the first such occasion for the governing body of south korean football ."
"slumping sales , surging yen hits toyota"
lincoln was a congressman from illinois before becoming president .
"channel one television said the new weapon , nicknamed the dad of all bombs is four times more powerful than the u . s . mother of all bombs ."
"official media also reported the us statement about iran s allegedly threatening behavior with skepticism , implying that washington was exaggerating the incident ."
one group used a web site developed by the researchers to support participants exercise efforts .
"the team , which published its findings in the journal of the royal society biology letters on wednesday , included researchers from the united states , britain , japan and china ."
hundreds of hamas fighters had moved on the positions after giving their occupants two hours to leave .
her top advisers had called the state a must win to stay in the race .
to stop another economic meltdown before it starts
"president george w . bush and afghan president hamid karzai agreed monday that they would make no concessions to the taliban to win freedom for the south koreans , reuters reported ."
"in an interview for bbc radio , mccartney said his bandmates and their producer george martin had vetoed its inclusion on the exhaustive 1990s anthology collection , according to uk s the observer newspaper ."
"benjamin ginsberg was the second person to quit the bush campaign over ties to the group , the so called swift boat veterans for truth , which has been attacking kerry s record through television commercials and a book ."
"the cyclone wiped out crops and flooded the area with salt water , imperiling future harvests ."
"the last of these , president taylor , said owning slaves was a constitutional right and he said slave owners like himself would appeal to the sword if necessary to keep them ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the korea times reports koreans are spending billions of dollars to educate their kids overseas and their expenditure is snowballing every year , while incoming foreign students and travelers are showing no signs of any marked growth ."
roger federer began his bid for a first rome masters crown with an efficient 6 3 6 4 win over spain s nicolas almagro on tuesday .
local 1 of the international alliance of theatrical stage employees said producers walked out of the weekend negotiations late sunday after telling the stagehand representatives that what the union had offered was simply not enough .
"despite the delay , the south korean government said a positive development has been made , indicating that the captives will be released soon ."
the pact would allow u . s . troops to stay until 2012 .
we didn t want to hide .
"forces korea tuesday denied recent media reports that the actions of south koreans were responsible for the bush administration plan to withdraw 12 , 500 u . s . troops from the korean peninsula ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"for boys , it starts about two years later and lasts until age 17 or so ."
but this is no chintzy halloween costume .
"the self proclaimed american jihadist , also known as azzam the american , is on the fbi s most wanted list , with a reward of up to 1 million for information leading to his capture ."
the new display combines two technologies
living in a cage in hong kong
chiang said the visit was aimed at easing tensions with beijing .
"john , who had coronary artery disease , underwent surgery at children s hospital of pittsburgh on saturday night ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"six party talks on north korea s nuclear programs are likely to resume some time next week , officials from south korea and the united states said yesterday ."
"police in indonesia say they have arrested the alleged military leader of jemaah islamiah , the extremist group blamed for the 2002 bali bombings ."
"regardless of how the other person plays , you have to play to your strengths , said roddick . if you start playing someone else s game obviously it s not going to work as well ."
"a military expert said further reduction of the usfk seemed inevitable given that the two brigades of the division are the main fighting forces and the others , including the air force , are backup forces ."
the fair trade commission earlier this year fined kt and hanaro telecom 116 billion won and 2 . 4 billion won respectively for fixing charges on local calls and private cables for internet cafes .
it was believed to be the first time an american president has greeted a world dignitary on arrival at andrews .
"president bush s national security and legal advisers are expected to discuss the move at the white house on friday and , for the first time , it appears a consensus is developing , senior administration officials said thursday ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the north claims the u . s . wants to invade the communist country , an accusation washington has repeatedly denied ."
cnn australians have been warned don t get caught annoying the crowds when they gather here later this month to see the pope .
"in a separate incident in bavaria , a wind gust pushed a tour bus off the road , sending the vehicle into a ditch . it rolled over , injuring five people , one of whom was hospitalized , goergmaier said ."
"the international community is united in this , but unfortunately , we didn t hear anything today that leads us to believe iran is going to take the steps expected of them , johndroe said ."
"an unknown number of the estimated 4 million to 5 million american civilians living outside the united states , as well as hundreds of thousands of military personnel , have cast absentee votes sent to them by their home state , while others have had to submit a federal emergency write in ballot ."
"in april 2008 , trevor immelman took the masters title at just 28 years old ."
"i ve been involved in law enforcement for 35 years , and i ve seen a lot of extremely violent events , but i ve never seen children , 14 to 18 years of age , engage in this conduct for a 30 minute period of time and then make these video clips , he said ."
roh arrived in egypt on monday for a four day official visit to attend a summit with egyptian president mohamed hosni mubarak .
he said it offers unique evidence that an advanced honey industry existed in the holy land at the time of the bible .
authorities have cut off electricity and the water supply in many districts .
researchers say walking can reduce the risk of suffering a heart attack by as much as fifty percent .
"while haze hovers over other parts of the world , such as above america and europe , what surprised scientists was just how far the cloud extended , and how much black carbon was in it , according to a . p . mitra from india s national physical laboratory ."
i hope we pass the audition .
this is not the first cross species cloning experiment that resulted in a birth .
draft likely to be reduced
"the prosecution was denied a warrant yesterday to further detain shin jeong ah , the disgraced former art professor accused of forging her academic credentials ."
"santa monica , california cnn owen wilson was reported in good condition monday , a day after he was taken from his home by ambulance , a hospital spokeswoman said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"a u . s . official who is not authorized to speak for attribution said wednesday the elections cast doubt on musharraf s future , but said it was too early to know whether musharraf will remain president ."
trains are widely used to commute to downtown rio from the city s poor northern outskirts .
"on monday night , the taliban group extended by 24 hours the deadline by which they have threatened to kill the hostages unless the afghan government releases an equal number of imprisoned fighters ."
libby was convicted on perjury and obstruction of justice charges in march but bush intervened earlier this month to spare him from going to jail
flying with the flu ?
"at the moment , inter korean relations are dealt with by the unification ministry , while the foreign ministry handles negotiations on the nuclear issue ."
"al maliki said iraq doesn t want its sovereignty to be violated by any of its neighbors , which include iran , kuwait , jordan , saudi arabia , syria and turkey ."
"in a second part of the drill , officials in thailand , malaysia , american samoa and the philippines staged real tsunami evacuations ."
it was all the more colorful hearing it from a toronto based nurse who looked and sounded like your grandmother .
"the 61 year old dutchman usually likes his teams to play attractive , attacking football , but he will likely have to temper that instinct against the potent spanish midfield and attack , especially since russia is missing its two best forwards , the injured pavel pogrebnyak and suspended andrei arshavin ."
"when the u . s . ships heard that radio transmission , they took up their gun positions and officers were in the process of giving the order to fire when the iranians abruptly turned away , the u . s . officials said ."
allstate recommends that drivers complete at least 10 hours of training .
"zi , a temporary reporter for beijing television , was arrested after it emerged that he apparently had cooked up a report that local makers of steamed dumplings were softening cardboard by soaking it in caustic soda and then flavoring it with pork juice ."
"the band appeared together again in 1998 , with past members bernie leadon and randy meisner , when they were inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame ."
police received a report about 1 54 p . m . 2 54 p . m . et that someone was shooting inside the 100 year old first congregational church .
"in rendition , witherspoon plays the wife of an egyptian born man omar metwally suspected of involvement in a middle east terrorist bombing who is abducted by u . s . authorities and sent overseas for questioning at a secret facility ."
it can prevent diabetes among people who are overweight and at risk for the disease .
smaller memorials were planned in towns across britain and france to remember the fallen .
"the demonstration scheduled for london was the largest of several planned across britain on tuesday , carroll said ."
the magnetic field forces the particles toward the north and south poles .
"climate change and energy are issues for the general assembly , where all 192 u . n . member states are represented , and the economic and social council , not the security council , they said ."
he was fifth in the scratch race at the 2006 world championships and finished 11th this year .
pitt said his make it right project won t stop with rebuilding the lower 9th ward .
"after his visit , detained pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi was allowed to issue a statement for the first time in over four years and to meet members of her party ."
"despite heavy rain , palin s likeness went up in seconds"
"i think the understanding between the players is better and the belief is really good , he told sky sports news ."
tornado warnings are up as well
"the knu and its military wing , the karen national liberation army , have spent nearly 60 years fighting the burmese government ."
"students in one of cho s classes called him the question mark kid , classmate julie poole told the ap , because cho used just a question mark for his name on a class sign in sheet ."
"state gaming board refused the request but did not declare the claim a nuisance , opening the way for other possibly much larger claims by winning gamblers ."
"it was only the second time since 2000 that a single laureate won the prize , which is typically shared by two or three researchers ."
"the anti government people s alliance for democracy pad , which has been leading protests since may , said it will not end its occupation of the airports until somchai resigns ."
"flames and smoke poured from the taj early thursday , and several explosions were heard at the building ."
"excess nutrients can spur the growth of algae , and when the algae die , their decay consumes oxygen faster than it can be brought down from the surface ."
new york cnn johnson johnson and the american red cross have resolved a lawsuit over the use of their shared red and white symbol .
"local news media reported that most of the bus passengers were from eloxochitlan , an extremely poor town in central mexico ."
he has been serving as ambassador to the u . s . since february . his grandfather was home minister during the student uprising that toppled the corrupt and despotic regime of syngman rhee in 1960 in which 125 students were killed by police and over 1000 wounded .
"scattered over the troodos mountains , cyprus s 10 medieval timber roofed churches , listed as unesco world heritage monuments for their stunning wall paintings , are at the top of many religious tourists lists , he added ."
"karzai wants to draw the taliban into afghanistan s political mainstream , if that radical group accepts the country s constitution ."
men show a greater preference for tongue contact and open mouth kisses .
"everyone sort of just stood back in shock for quite a while , australian captain ricky ponting said when he learned of woolmer s death during his team s win sunday over the netherlands ."
spain and france also have promised money to countries along the coast to help provide other options to those who say the dangerous trip to europe is their only chance at a better life . http edition . cnn . com 2007 world africa 02 05 mauritania . migrants . ap index . html
try to resist the urge to nap .
"white house press secretary robert gibbs tells nbc s today show that s ok , barack obama will keep working across the aisle"
"he may have low polls , but he s going to be around ."
"engineers noticed phoenix s strange behavior when it sent a piece of engineering data 45 , 000 times like a broken record ."
"cards , letters and stamps have been acquired by an illinois foundation from a private collector and will soon be on permanent display in a museum in suburban chicago ."
sleep hygiene usually includes three areas
"the airbus deal is for the manufacturer s medium sized aircraft , including 110 of its a320s and 50 a330s ."
"concerns about extremists coming into japan spiked when reports emerged in may 2004 that lionel dumont , a french citizen with suspected links to al qaeda and a history of violent crime , repeatedly entered the country on a fake passport ."
draft likely to be reduced
"because of gizo s proximity to the quake s epicenter , the tsunami struck before an alarm could be sounded ."
"as of saturday , eight previously recorded videos were made available including a recent tribute to abu musab al zarqawi , the former al qaeda in iraq leader killed by u . s . forces in iraq in june 2006 ."
"his bravura saved him from the matador s deadly final sword , and the stud was sent back to the pasture , to get busy with the cows ."
"3 at the chernobyl nuclear power plant , kuchma said ."
"many families now choose to have only one child , citing the high cost of education and shortage of child care in korea ."
"david galernter , associate professor of computer science at yale university , says the clipper has become the focus of a yearlong public debate ."
"this comes as quite a shock to men who are expecting this wonderful time of baby bliss with the new baby and a time of bonding , said will courtenay , a san francisco , california based psychotherapist and founder of saddaddy . com , who is a leading expert in the united states on paternal postnatal depression ."
you ll likely see the glaciers calving where sections of them crack and float away or crumble into the sea .
cibulkova put up stout opposition in the first set against an opponent who had enjoyed rest on saturday after being given a walkover in the semifinals because lindsay davenport was unwell .
the raids come hard on the heels of allegations from the international press of paranoia and economic nationalism in korea .
the study included 249 sedentary adults who were randomly assigned to one of three groups .
is it time it s the europeans suggest for a wholesale rewrite of the financial rules of the road ?
"while state tourism officials are trying to increase tourism from japan , they are also turning to china and south korea ."
"washington is also reportedly prepared to discuss easing financial sanctions , as requested by pyongyang ."
haven t mentioned oil prices so far today they re still down around 89 a barrel .
dutch reports put the transfer fee at euro20 million 25 million .
but observers say little is known about him the name could be a pseudonym .
"we said we would only enter into a consolidation transaction it is was right for all of our constituencies , anderson said in a statement . delta and northwest are a perfect fit ."
"there were no immediate reports of survivors , but rescue efforts involving french navy vessels and a helicopter were launched ."
mccain pledges to help obama lead
his comment follows by a week a huge offer announced by unification minister chung dong young to provide 200 million kilowatts of electricity for energy starved north korea in exchange for its ending its nuclear weapons development program .
"cape canaveral , florida cnn nasa has delayed next week s launch of space shuttle endeavour by one day because of unexpected work to fix a leak in the crew cabin , officials said friday ."
"it d probably be easier to list all the jobs that bob hasn t had , bush said wednesday ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"then fortunately , they delivered a movie that was as unique and engaging as people had hoped from the marketing campaign ."
abbas dissolved the hamas led government earlier this year after hamas forces seized control of gaza .
"in january , two suicide bombers and several gunmen in police uniforms attacked a luxury hotel in kabul ."
"berlin zoo denied media allegations on tuesday that knut the celebrity polar bear cub was responsible for the sudden demise of one of its older attractions , a 22 year old panda who was found dead in her cage ."
"north korea is required under a february agreement to present a list of all its nuclear facilities , materials and programs by december 31 ."
"once it was finally adopted , it paved the way for the concept of decimals , allowing mankind to advance its knowledge of mathematics and logic ."
"afterward , a diplomat who is familiar with south korea s nuclear dossier said that more than 5 pounds of uranium metal was used in the 2000 laser enrichment experiments ."
"the prosecution said yesterday it found that posco engineering , the main contractor for an apartment construction project , has commissioned the design work to a member of the urban planning committee of the province ."
the decision to end dolly s life at age 6 about half the life expectancy of her breed was made because she had a progressive lung disease .
firefox is the no . 2 web browser behind microsoft corp . s internet explorer .
"iraqi firemen in yellow helmets doused the flames with a hose , as iraqi men and boys crowded the streets ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"coquillette , who has degrees in physics and english , said she gets three or four calls or e mails a day , asking about the conversion ."
australia is a vocal critic of mugabe and announced it was increasing funding to civic groups in zimbabwe .
"the ad reads ignition interlocks are a good idea for above lohan s mug shot from her july 24 , 2007 , arrest and but a bad idea for us above smaller photos of people drinking ."
"the crossing , which is the main transit route for delivering fuel supplies to gaza , normally is open from 7 30 a . m . to 3 p . m . , but has been closed until further notice , he added ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"german billionaire adolf merckle , one of the richest men in the world , committed suicide monday after his business empire got into trouble in the wake of the international financial crisis , merckle s family said tuesday in a statement ."
"the u . s . backed leader said he acted to prevent political chaos and give authorities a freer hand against islamic militants , though critics accuse him of a last ditch power grab before the previous supreme court could declare his continued rule illegal ."
world number two nadal succumbed 4 6 6 4 6 3 as he suffered the same fate as top ranked roger federer who surprisingly lost his match on monday in the round robin stage in shanghai .
"during an interview on abc s this week , iyad allawi said iraqis should , follow the bounds of the law , whether it s moqtada al sadr or anybody else ."
whipple remains optimistic that hubble will resume science operations in the coming weeks .
"five people have been confirmed dead and eight missing in the disaster , but officials say those figures may rise ."
"wen himself , in his first remarks , invoked that theme and underscored his focus on china s less fortunate ."
"cheney left sunday on a 10 day trip that includes visits to oman , saudi arabia , israel , the palestinian territories and turkey ."
justice minister kim said he s opposed to abolishing the national security law .
"when freud , the father of psychoanalysis suggested that our behavior is not always ruled by our conscious thoughts , nor is it always in our best interests , he formed the basis of the idea that individuals can be curious about themselves and make a study of their own minds ."
there have been 20 such fires this year in the philadelphia suburb .
"kyodo news agency says 14 areas have been affected across japan . niigata and nagano prefectures , north west of tokyo , are among the hardest hit ."
"shortly after the interview began , the room filled up with his guards and those that work with meshaal ."
kuwait ap massoumah al mubarak knows the power of democracy in kuwait .
"but as the world s average temperature warms from 1990 levels , the projections get more dire ."
"small clues , like mismatched buttons or a house being more of a mess than usual , may be an indication of memory problems , said eric hall , the president and ceo of alzheimer s foundation of america ."
an iraqi diplomat said that no progress was made in talks with turkish officials friday in ankara about the iraqi turkey border situation and that the iraqi delegation planned to head back home .
"reagan s anticipated recovery time is six to eight weeks , including physical therapy and a modified schedule ."
"the distress signal from the takayama was tanker is being threatened by boat with weapons and being fired upon , vogler wander said ."
"the outcome is expected to significantly affect the future course of a realignment of political forces in the lead up to the presidential election , as the by elections will test the possibility of various political groups uniting against the grand national party ."
"classmates took turns taking the teddy bear home with them , accompanied by a diary with the bear s name written in the front of it , boulos said . all this is a very sensitive area ."
beckham s replacement david bentley of blackburn also failed to make an impression as england labored to their first defeat under new coach fabio capello .
"an argument ensued while others at the riverview movie theatre watched the curious case of benjamin button , starring brad pitt and cate blanchett , the philadelphia inquirer reported ."
"no other state in recent years has increased alcohol taxes in the way that alaska did in 2002 , wagenaar said ."
former prime minister benazir bhutto arrived in islamabad from karachi on tuesday for meetings with other opposition leaders about how to respond to musharraf s declaration .
"superintendent lungelo dlamini , a spokesman for johannesburg police , said police estimated that at least 5 , 000 people attended the rally , though he said that the figure could be as high as 30 , 000 ."
"the afghan defense ministry said the clash and airstrikes in sangin killed 25 suspected taliban , including a group leader identified as mullah younus ."
"joseph riedel of washington , american university i attend american university in washington , d . c ."
"as an old cold warrior , one of yesterday s speeches almost filled me with nostalgia for a less complex time . almost ."
hamas is in charge of the palestinian government in gaza and calls for the destruction of israel .
"the dead included luis edgar devia silva , known as raul reyes , the second in command of the leadership council of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc in its spanish acronym ."
"quiet , less kinda that totally most people didn t come here ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the united states added kuwait , malaysia , qatar and bahrain to tier 3 as countries that are destinations for trafficking victims who are exposed to sexual exploitation and forced labor ."
"today s plan is to examine the wreckage , measure skid marks , and conduct the first interviews with the pilots ."
"the investigations will review all the information nasa collected as the spaceship began its descent saturday morning , then started breaking up more than 200 , 000 feet 60 , 000 meters over texas ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"introducing the issue of north korea s abduction of japanese citizens , kenichiro sasae , tokyo s chief negotiator , told the official gathering that full diplomatic relations between the north and japan are only possible after the matters of the abductees is resolved ."
the u . s . military said its ground forces are unaware of civilian deaths in the early morning raid that it said left 49 criminals dead .
"powell said he has some concerns about the direction of the republican party , adding that it has moved more to the right than i would like to see it ."
"we had no structural damage here at the buccaneer whatsoever , and i ve spoken to probably , at this point in time , 30 employees from all parts of the island ."
"the taliban said on monday that since the afghan government has not sincerely tried to solve the problem , this time we give another 24 hours to the korean government to solve the matter ."
"on friday , after 130 hours underground , the two finally saw light ."
"it was not immediately known if those killed in americus were patients at the hospital , he said ."
"police said the suspect , bruce jeffery pardo , committed suicide after the attack ."
flying with the flu ?
"geneva , switzerland the great wall , the colosseum and machu picchu are among the leading contenders to be the new seven wonders of the world as a massive poll enters its final month with votes already cast by more than 50 million people , organizers say ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"but asked moments later about some of the tough rhetoric she hurled from the stump , she said she was still concerned about obama s ties to former weather underground member turned chicago college professor william ayers ."
"congress is talking about extending jobless benefits for people whose checks have run out , and there s late word that the white house is now on board ."
"one of the veterans , marjorie gallun , 85 , who said she served in the marine corps , told the queen we are happy to have you here ."
"the spanish civil guard , on request from the government , is investigating whether the company could be charged with theft of spanish heritage if the haul came from a ship found in spanish waters , efe reported . calls to the ministry on sunday went unanswered ."
this is part of a push by obama for legislation to protect consumers by ending some credit card industry practices like sudden interest rate hikes .
"many of the wounded were taken to mayo hospital in lahore , said medical superintendent fayyaz ahmad ranjha ."
"zardari , who has lived most of his life in dubai and britain following his mother s exile from pakistan , denied suggestions that he would not be able relate to the pakistani people ."
the 45 year old actress died in a manhattan hospital from a head injury suffered while skiing in canada .
"chae committed the arson after he concluded that the authorities were ignoring his petition against developers who allegedly did not pay him in full for land he sold them , said nam hyun woo , head of the seoul metropolitan police agency s criminal investigation unit ."
"a still disorganized noel headed toward the bahamas late monday , spurring the government to issue a watch as the storm churned 125 miles southeast of great exuma island , according to the national hurricane center in miami , florida ."
"the death of david rattray , a friend of britain s prince charles and an expert on the 1879 anglo zulu war , has put south africa s high rate of violent crime in the spotlight again ."
the new film opens july 20 .
flying with the flu ?
it is much more open to foreign direct investment .
"the hostages were released into the care of officials of the international committee of the red cross at three separate locations in central afghanistan close to the city of ghazni , according to the associated press ."
"brasilia , brazil cnn u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice on thursday urged nations such as venezuela to meet their u . n . obligations and keep terrorists out of their territories ."
his lawyer says the former falcons quarterback convicted in connection with dog fighting is headed for a couple more months of home confinement in virginia .
the latest experiment was designed to test for minerals that do not have carbon in them .
"consumers using computer networks to send personal mail , file tax reports , or shop from home with a credit card also need confidentiality ."
"then , its processor directs motors on its six tuning pegs to tighten or loosen the strings accordingly ."
congressional democrats say it s now up to gop members to work out their disagreements .
"the captured pirates were being held aboard the north korean vessel , the navy said ."
the animals are gone .
"contains 365 photos accompanied by related songs , movies and quotations ."
is that going to be the determining factor in a general election ?
"water taxis take day trippers to points along the abel tasman coast , where they can walk part of the coastal track or simply relax on the beach ."
"it canceled another moon shot , lunar a , that was to have been launched in 2004 but had been repeatedly postponed because of mechanical and fiscal problems , ap reported ."
"yet as peanuts and avocados sat languishing on many people s bad for you lists , researchers discovered that the fat in these two foods , mostly the monounsaturated kind , is extremely good for the heart and for health in general ."
"a giant lobster named george escaped a dinner table fate and was released saturday into the atlantic ocean after a new york seafood restaurant granted him his freedom , according to a statement from the people for the ethical treatment of animals ."
i don t think it ll be available to the public for years
this is due to the inability of the body to cope with conflicting time signals .
pc moving pictures will be sharper than ever .
uri party proposed income tax cut of 1 p .
"the 1 billion skyscraper is in the heart of downtown dubai , a 500 acre development area worth 20 billion ."
"he said it s political as well and requires national will , an implication that iraqis need to put aside their ethnic , tribal and religious allegiances to help the state survive ."
"iran s main partner in its effort to develop nuclear power urged tehran to continue co operating with the un nuclear watchdog , the iaea ."
"obama s willingness to sit down with the iranian president demonstrates obama s lack of understanding of international relations , mccain said during a speech in chicago , illinois ."
"this calculated the proportion of men and women over 25 who had completed different levels of schooling ie , none"
she was immediately escorted by prosecution officials for questioning .
"tim tebow threw for two touchdowns , the florida defense came up with clutch stops , as the top ranked gators beat number two oklahoma 24 14 in a bcs title game ."
they face a may 7 preliminary hearing .
tensions could worsen thursday when opposition leader raila odinga plans a huge protest rally in nairobi .
"but tim evans , an analyst at citigroup global markets , said the storm shouldn t have a major impact on prices because while it may delay oil shipments , they will eventually get to their destinations ."
"micron has reportedly offered to take over hynix s memory operations , including dram , sram and flash memory chips ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"once a monster category 5 hurricane , dean was downgraded to a tropical storm wednesday as it rapidly lost strength after battering mexico s eastern coast ."
"bob graham of florida , appearing with kerry at a town hall meeting , said americans can expect more antagonism from foreigners if bush is re elected ."
"erturk , special rapporteur for the united nations human rights council on violence against women , said the situation in south kivu province , where rebels from neighburing rwanda operate , was the worst she had ever encountered ."
her latest period of house arrest began in 2003 .
"on friday , three timorese men were shot by an australian soldier , two of them fatally , during a confrontation near the capital s airport ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"a separate row has been raging over gay bishops , nearly three years after the americans sparked fury from african churches and other traditionalists by ordaining the first openly gay bishop , gene robinson ."
"the korean central bank is definitely considering the move to invest its reserve in overseas stock markets , lee told reporters ."
nine months after a power outage plunged its residents in darkness for two chilly days .
the netherlands became the first country in the world to allow a patient s right to die when it passed its euthanasia law in april .
but his case was thrown into limbo when the u . s . supreme court declared the commissions illegal in june .
"riyadh , saudi arabia cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad said sunday that opec s members have expressed interest in converting their cash reserves into a currency other than the depreciating u . s . dollar , which he called a worthless piece of paper ."
"hilton , 26 , was sentenced to 45 days for the 2006 probation violation but served about half the term , gaining credit for good behavior ."
don t be put off by pristina s drab communist era apartment blocks and muddy trash strewn streets .
the foreign office insisted miliband s decision
traitor !
"the national transportation safety board will assist the thai government in the investigation , according to a statement on the ntsb s web site ."
but some analysts saw the new target becoming a reality much sooner .
but taylor told the western morning news she had subsequently hired an online private detective to track his activities
the associated press .
"but halfway through that year , willis abruptly took the money she d saved for a down payment on a car and bought every piece of polaroid film she could find ."
has sent a chill through foreigners in iraq .
the house ethics committee voted wednesday to investigate rep .
"on new year s eve , tokyoites head to their neighborhood temples to hear the temple bells chime at midnight ."
the vote of 51 to 47 links funding for the war to a goal of getting us combat troops out of iraq by march 2008 .
unions also condemned the acts of vandalism committed by cowards .
"in rockville , maryland , at least 13 students have been diagnosed with mrsa ."
"the increase in casualties at shifa followed israel s s ground incursion into gaza , which it launched on saturday night ."
you had everything you wanted .
"white house press secretary tony snow will step down from his position as early as next month , sources inside and outside the bush administration told cnn on friday ."
al qaeda s no . 2 called such iraqi leaders traitors and scum .
grand national party presidential frontrunner lee myung bak yesterday declared his candidacy for the party s primary elections ahead of the december presidential race .
al sadr helped al maliki become prime minister last year .
during the run up to last november s poll the democrats repeatedly attacked what they called a culture of corruption on capitol hill under the republican party .
it can also tell a doctor so the doctor can stop the surgery .
indonesians appease mountain gods with sacrifices
"sherchan was in good health and was descending from the summit , chetri said ."
"harrods department store owner and egyptian multimillionaire mohamed al fayed was questioned by police wednesday , a store spokeswoman said , after london metropolitan police said a man had been questioned in connection with an allegation of sexual assault on a girl under 16 ."
"asia has seen the most rapid deterioration , with the northeast region in particular suffering a significant slowdown ."
more than 100 nations in the u . n . climate panel agreed a final text after all night disputes with some scientists accusing government delegates of watering down their findings in a draft 21 page summary for policymakers .
dida collapsed in a heap after 27 year old robert mchendry made contact with the keeper as he ran past before disappearing into the stands .
"cnn fashion designer liz claiborne died tuesday , the company she founded said wednesday ."
mine that bird squeezed through a tiny hole along the rail to go from the back to the front .
zardari also announced that the couple s children would now change their names and be called bhutto zardari .
"but gen . george casey , the chief of staff of the army , told a congressional committee in september that the extended deployments are not sustainable and had left the service out of balance ."
"hicks has been held at the u . s . military prison in guantanamo since january 2002 , a month after he was detained in afghanistan ."
the 514 member royal swedish academy of sciences selects the nobel laureates in physics from a list of candidates prepared by a special committee .
"in addition to attempted kidnapping , nowak was charged with battery and burglary of a vehicle with a weapon ."
the united states needs to convince iraqis that they will have full sovereignty and are no longer under occupation .
afghan officials said fighter jets and ground forces were still patrolling the region and that the fighting continued into saturday .
"some of the brokers bragged about being a gigolo in japan , saying that they can guarantee 10 million won in income per month along with japanese language learning opportunity ."
a diplomatic gaffe marred saturday s inauguration of a china financed stadium on this caribbean island when a band performed taiwan s national anthem .
"on sunday , crowds gathered in samsun s central square and chanted turkey is secular and will remain secular !"
"pentagon spending takes about half the hit , while domestic programs take the rest , and officials say most of those on the block simply no longer work ?"
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"rob brendle , an associate pastor at new life church , said the attack took place inside the church after a late morning service and that the suspect was fatally shot ."
"a companion book , the jesus family tomb , has rocketed to sixth place on the new york times nonfiction best seller list ."
"earlier this month , the governor of the central bank park seung said the current account surplus in 2002 would be at least 4 billion , lower than the bank s target of 5 billion or equivalent to about one percent of gross domestic product gdp ."
"reports say a number of people have died and many have been injured in dili , where disgruntled ex soldiers are fighting government troops ."
"one self described eco fashion label , ecoist , has partnered with coca cola , luna bar and aveda to create handbags made from misprinted and discontinued packaging ."
it brings up the question of what
draft likely to be reduced
"fewer than 20 penguins usually wash ashore , but with such a large number , we had to really understand their biology and learn how to treat them ."
a baby s growth is based on a combination of her birth size and the size she s genetically programmed to be
the hurricane center says new england and canada s maritime provinces could see up to 6 inches of rain .
"that meeting ushered in improved ties and reconciliation between the two sides , who remain technically at war ."
"why did i do that and write the story with the girl and the apple , because i wanted to bring happiness to people , to remind them not to hate , but to love and tolerate all people . i brought good feelings to a lot of people , and i brought hope to many . my motivation was to make good in this world , he said in the statement ."
masondo urged johannesburg residents to respect existing graveyards and not to take them over for ramshackle temporary housing .
"the suppliers used by the big three also employ an estimated 610 , 000 people ."
"the former leader died from heart failure on monday , aged 76 ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"some observers question whether al maliki has the political will to take on al sadr s mehdi army , thought to be behind much of iraq s violence between sunni insurgents and shiite militias ."
"he urged japanese companies to invest in china , vowing to address vast imbalances in the chinese economy , improve the natural environment , protect intellectual property rights , continue tax breaks for high tech companies and proceed with currency reform ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the quickest way to reach mncora , about 700 miles north of lima , is to hop on one of lan peru s twice daily flights from lima to piura 225 round trip"
"the thymus produces many of the cells that make up the body s immune system , including the infection fighting t cells ."
"commander peggy whitson and daniel tani replaced a motor needed to tilt a solar wing toward the sun , taking extra precautions to avoid being shocked ."
all this research into sex and love got the researchers thinking
it clears your head just to get to appreciate all the sounds and colors and shapes .
al libi could have been killed by a missile fired from a drone operated by the cia and other u . s . government agencies .
the tibetan issue is same as ever .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
dozens of teary eyed relatives gathered at the mine s headquarters in donetsk waiting for news on their loved ones .
"we are , however , keen to reiterate to all individuals who make drums from imported animal skins that there is a risk of coming into contact with anthrax and that they should ensure they are aware of this and take precautions to protect themselves when making these drums ."
"the brazilian midfielder hit a swerving shot from 37 meters that flew over the wall and past goalkeeper patrick regnault , who had made several saves earlier to deny the six time defending french league champion ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
south korea s president roh moo hyun has walked over the heavily fortified border into north korea en route to a summit in pyongyang .
"in africa , 518 , 000 people have died from cancer since the start of 2008"
"media giants talking , channels still on cable"
the report estimates that a four month deployment of the additional troops both combat and support could cost 9 billion to 13 billion and a 12 month deployment could cost 20 billion to 27 billion .
"after 20 years covering politics , i m a hard sell . i ve seen every gimmick known to politicians"
"on monday night , a close friend and adviser of the former first lady told cnn clinton will say tonight that she will do whatever it takes to put a democrat in the white house . obama insiders saw that as an indication she would accept an offer to be his running mate if asked ."
"in the lee der suicide , an official who answered the telephone at the company s factory in the southern city of foshan on monday said he had not heard of the news ."
"huseyin kalkan , leader of the city of batman in southeastern turkey , plans to sue christopher nolan , director of the latest batman movie the dark knight , for taking its name without consultation , according to media reports ."
she did not say how the child was conceived .
but it was only for the people who had previous experience with the internet .
"the two suspects were arrested last thursday in rawalpindi , the headquarters of pakistan s military leadership outside islamabad , where bhutto was killed , cheema said ."
"two suspected militants were gunned down and nine suspects had been arrested , gagrani said ."
fourteen victims of the virginia tech shooting remained hospitalized wednesday but most were showing signs of improvement .
"however , liverpool believe the move will present their supporters with significant problems and chief executive rick parry has put his worries in writing to uefa ."
"u . s . president george w . bush on tuesday justified recognizing kosovo as an independent nation , saying that doing so will bring peace to a region scarred by war ."
"using techniques that neither they nor interpol would discuss , german police recreated an image of the man s face and released four reconstructed photos of him last week ."
li also ascribes moral qualities to inanimate objects such as stone and wood .
"however , sunlight is unreliable and several factors influence its ability to induce vitamin d production , including"
the seoul young men s christian association said yesterday it had filed class action suits against both kt and hanaro telecom for allegedly making illegal agreements to fix prices .
megumi yokota is one of 13 japanese the north kidnapped to train its spies .
we worked in a stay in new zealand in a package arranged by our travel agent .
"the queen planned to stay away to respect the couple s wish for a low key wedding , the palace said ."
"the harsh chemotherapy left him unable to have children , although he and then wife kristin richards had three children using sperm the cyclist had donated before the treatment ."
"in fact , the young chimps performed better than older chimps in the new study ."
"london , england cnn five people got the lavish ride of a lifetime as the only passengers on a transatlantic flight , causing environmental groups to criticize the major carrier for leaving a wasteful carbon footprint ."
"kang chul hwan , who defected to south korea in 1992 , remembers textbooks telling the tale of an american missionary tattooing thief on a korean boy who picked an apple from his orchard ."
i m very very proud of my players .
the center for building performance and diagnostics cbpd at carnegie mellon university in pittsburgh has built the robert l . preger intelligent workplace
"since the storm limited visibility to six feet , all of a sudden i could not see the plunging cliffs ."
"benicio del toro won cannes best actor prize for che , steven soderbergh s four hour plus epic about latin american revolutionary che guevara ."
no successors have been announced .
"among the panelists gem sweater fashionista leslie hall , tron guy jay maynard , fark . com founder drew curtis and world of warcraft character leeroy jenkins born ben shultz ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"he didn t offer a timetable for its official release , although windows vista went on sale more than two years after it was issued in beta form ."
a bush administration expert on north korea says that pyongyang wants to become what he called the pakistan of northeast asia and that washington is expecting the north to conduct a nuclear weapons test .
"i am happy with the players , i think the performance was top , chelsea manager jose mourinho told sky sports ."
democrat john kerry said monday he s never seen the united states such a target of world animosity as he makes a winding pilgrimage to the democratic national convention .
"sheikh fa ez al ubeid , head of khalis salvation council and deputy head of the diyala support council , was hosting a gathering at his home when the suicide attacker walked in and detonated his bomb , khalis police and the u . s . military said ."
"on sunday , members of one tribe needed protection just to walk down the street ."
"thaksin , speaking in hong kong , said he would not return to politics after his return to thailand ."
"while he was an ideological man who took positive steps to reform his country , chance said yeltsin was an inconsistent reformer ."
in september in a wooded area near the missouri river in nearby sugar creek and were identified using dental records .
key decisions about overseas plant construction involving both hyundai motor and its affiliate kia motors corp . were delayed while he was away .
"for plane builder airbus and german airline lufthansa ag , the a380 s first flight to north america on monday is a chance to show off the superjumbo to potential u . s . buyers and to the airports they hope will be flight bases for the double decker jet ."
roger federer has a severe stomach virus and has pulled out of an exhibition tournament less than a week away from the australian open .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
scientists have found a wide eyed primate
"israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas met sunday in jerusalem to discuss the situation in gaza , with abbas calling for israel to allow more supplies into the territory , the chief palestinian negotiator told cnn ."
"vegas forget about it , it was amazing ."
"as we were about to touch down , a gust of wind pressed the left wing towards the ground , a lufthansa pilot identified only as oliver a . said in a statement ."
voters will soon have their say in the 2008 presidential election as iowans gather to pick their candidates in the first in the nation caucuses .
researchers chose to study alaska after a political debate over the most recent alcohol tax increase in the last frontier state .
"researchers at australia s institute of medical and veterinary science exposed 1 , 600 mice to varying degrees of mobile phone radiation over a two year period but found no increase in the cancer rate as a result ."
"i thought , wow , wouldn t it be something if everybody just wrote that little story down and gave it to him ?"
roh s acceptance of the ruling eased concerns that the president might be set to collide head on with the constitutional court after he indirectly expressed dissatisfaction with its decision .
"tools lived for five months with the device , exceeding researchers goal of a 60 day survival ."
the adies bought the piano at auction for pound
"diplomatic sources in the capital abuja said initial reports suggested the child has a british father and nigerian mother , although this was not confirmed ."
french president nicolas sarkozy has said he may skip the opening ceremony . german chancellor angela merkel said she will skip the olympic games . britain s prince charles said in january he has no plans to attend the ceremony .
"the department of paintings at the louvre museum in paris and restoration and research experts from the museums of france discovered the images this year on the back of the painting the virgin and child with st . anne , the louvre said in a news release thursday ."
"if the queen remains in good health , charles may be nearing 80 when he fulfills the unique destiny that was his at birth ."
"as one of the possible applications , the sensor can be attached to a mobile handset and , with the help of a voice synthesizer , mobile phone users can communicate in silence , wada says ."
the changes come amid fears the summer games will be disrupted by protesting activists or possibly terrorists a concern deepened after the troubled progress made by the international olympic torch relay .
"reports say 7 , 395 people have died and 18 , 645 are trapped in debris in the city ."
but silencing these citizen journalists is getting more difficult .
environmental activist group greenpeace set up the blockade of 11 boats in the tasman sea between australia and new zealand to protest the shipment of plutonium fuel from japan to the united kingdom .
secretary of state colin powell said impoverished north korea can count oncurbs nuclear weapons programs and missile exports as well as other activities such as drug trafficking .
"at least two people were killed when a tornado slammed into a hospital in the south georgia town of americus on thursday evening , according to a georgia emergency management agency spokesman ."
he drew worldwide attention when he pleaded for help on national television in january 2006 .
"relations between musharraf and karzai have been chilly for some time , as afghan officials have accused pakistan of allowing taliban and al qaeda fighters to regroup and carve out a new safe haven along pakistan s largely lawless northwestern frontier ."
relations had deteriorated under abe s predecessor junichiro koizumi .
"this is a man who is prepared to be president , giuliani said of his old friend ."
the new york philharmonic orchestra is preparing to play a historic concert in north korea on tuesday but no word yet on whether leader kim jong il will attend .
"in may , a u . s . navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the somali coast ."
the debate becomes moot with disney s epic deal
it is not the first time a sevilla player has died after collapsing on the pitch .
"archaeologists have yet to decipher the text , but initial interpretation indicates it formed part of a letter and contains the roots of the words judge , slave , and king , according to the university ."
"he has a lot of influence right now because he s behind the scenes . he s probably providing cash flow but once they have power in their hands they will be more independent of him , chris baker , an author on thai politics , told cnn ."
small countries are always badly treated .
"although construction of the bullet train rail bed between seoul and busan started in 1992 , its completion has been delayed because of fierce opposition from environmental activists ."
south korea was a colony of japan in 1910 45 . many south koreans still harbor resentment toward japan s occupation .
are you as young as you can be ?
"in nahr el bared near the northern port city of tripoli , the army resumed its pounding of militant hideouts with artillery after sporadic exchanges earlier in the day , sending up plumes of black smoke ."
and he says that could lead to implanting other non fluorescent genes that could help treat specific diseases .
"no company will live or die because of high price premiums for aids drugs in middle income countries , but patients may , clinton said tuesday ."
the texas caucuses which offer up about a third of the state s delegates are still too close to call .
4 . soundtrack
a failure of one of the big three could also cause a string of bankruptcies among suppliers .
"medical help , blankets and tents top the list , along with food , water and latrines ."
"at the start of her latest middle east visit , rice told reporters israel s revival of a west bank road building project could hamper negotiations ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
you know we ll see some incredible skills .
"the girl was returned to her family , he said , as authorities believe she is in no danger ."
hopeless romantics will always find inspiration in the big apple .
"sporting , who are also heading to the knockout stages , hit back with goals by miguel veloso and liedson in quick succession just after the hour mark ."
the home was a center of atlanta s black society and the scene of many parties .
"janszky said he came up with the idea for the study after last spring s time change , when he was having problems adjusting ."
"white house spokesman tony snow said on saturday the list of what the united states might do includes a declaration of the end of the korean war and moving forward on economic cooperation , cultural , educational and other ties ."
"then , just before the final whistle , hideo hashimoto pulled another goal back for the plucky japanese side ."
so the aliens could fly around instead of just hover .
he began acting at a local theater as a child .
what should we expect from barack obama s first 100 days ?
"on the agenda is the us designation of north korea as a terrorist state , as well as the possible lifting of sanctions against it ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the new group of adversaries include some members of roh moo hyun s own party .
"rostock , germany reuters organizers of anti g8 demonstrations and the media on sunday condemned violent clashes between police and a hardcore group of militants in the german port city of rostock in which 1 , 000 people were injured ."
"today , there are only four"
"included were genetic traces of butterflies , moths , flies and beetles , they report in friday s edition of the journal science ."
"the announcement was made wednesday by uaw president ron gettelfinger at a news conference after meeting with union officials from plants operated by general motors gm , fortune 500 , ford motor f , fortune 500 and chrysler llc ."
the nation s top spy agency said it yesterday will investigate allegations its former agents carried out massive eavesdropping operations on conversations of politicians and business leaders in the 1990s .
manchester united winger ryan giggs has signed a contract extension which ties him to the club until the end of june 2009 .
the cancer was detected late last month during a routine annual exam .
"first there was the cinema screen , then there was television screen , then the internet through a computer screen ."
the decision follows moscow s refusal to hand over the former kgb agent accused of murdering alexander litvinenko in london last year .
"the group officially disbanded in 1982 , then they reunited in 1994 for a comeback tour featuring henley , glenn frey , joe walsh , timothy schmit and don felder ."
sylvia s is harlem s best known eatery 328 lenox ave .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"porter , 44 already is serving a 38 year prison term for kidnapping his son , sam , 7 , and daughter , lindsey , 8 , to terrorize their mother ."
after two german aid workers and their five afghan colleagues were seized by taliban in neighboring wardak province .
"a majority of debate watchers polled thought obama was more intelligent , by a 57 percent to 25 percent margin over mccain ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"such extremism was seen in july during the siege of islamabad s red mosque , where students had hoped to impose taliban style islamic law on the capital ."
"kasparov would have had little chance of winning the election , which almost certainly will be won by dmitry medvedev , the first deputy prime minister who got putin s powerful endorsement ."
"there s always speculation , not just about me , but about the future of players all around the world , ronaldo told the club s official television station mutv ."
hansamm allows students a two night leave every three weeks .
u . s . military academy researchers studying documents note the continuing predominance of saudis among foreign fighters .
"milk is fortified with 100 iu per 8 ounce serving . some yogurts and cheeses also contain vitamin d , as do breakfast cereals and juices . cookinglight . com"
"ahtisaari is an outstanding international mediator , a committee spokesman said in announcing his win ."
"it was very difficult because the italians closed down all the spaces , which made it difficult to play our natural game ."
the plane landed safely and on time wednesday afternoon in st . petersburg .
"geithner s nomination to be treasury secretary , the top economic post in the cabinet , will also be officially announced at monday s event , the sources said ."
"the hilly port city of chittagong was hardest hit by the heavy rains , officials said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"although ours is a youth oriented culture , older adults may benefit most from touch , she says ."
"among those arrested were a girl as young as 15 and a woman as old as 80 , according to the kyodo news agency ."
he said it would take sometime for the bill to have an impact on the american economy .
"sixteen afghan civilians were killed and 25 others wounded in the aftermath of a suicide attack and ambush on a coalition military convoy in eastern afghanistan sunday , a joint forces military statement said ."
"queen elizabeth ii highlighted president roh moo hyun s state visit to the u . k . with a welcoming ceremony with the horse guards and a luncheon that followed , hosted by the queen , at buckingham palace on wednesday ."
"it s a huge honor , it s really exciting , it s a great list of nominees and you ve got to congratulate all of those people ."
"after two days of heated debate , the lower chamber voted 86 51 in favour , with 10 abstentions ."
"u . s . currently has around 30 thousand troops in south korea , while north korea has over one million troops ."
that s washington correspondent brian thomas .
"this summer seemed to be a continuous meteorological event , from storms that stranded tens of thousands of airline passengers on runways to hurricane dean ."
"australia , a close ally of the united states , was one of the first countries to commit troops to the u . s . led invasion of iraq , and australia s former conservative government had been a strong supporter of the u . s . mission in iraq . about 550 australian combat troops in iraq should be withdrawn by about the middle of next year , prime minister elect kevin rudd said on friday , setting a broad timetable for the soldiers to return home ."
officials also have identified kadir as a former mayor of a guyanese town .
a liverpool fc spokesman said the club would not be commenting on the alleged incident .
"rice won the 200 and 400 meter individual medleys in beijing and also teamed with kylie palmer , bronte barratt and linda mackenzie to break a world mark in the 4x200 freestyle relay ."
"james says it was magic , against the magic"
"leading the pack , a male bonding movie , friend , pulled in 2 . 6 million people in seoul on a surge of nostalgia from the 30 and 40 something male audience ."
"andrew weaver , a climate scientist with the university of victoria in british columbia , said the chart of results from various temperature levels is a highway to extinction , but on this highway there are many turnoffs . this is showing you where the road is heading . the road is heading toward extinction ."
device could help disabled at home
"police helped the squabbling duo make up and the two returned home together , with the son s house keys and daily allowance restored ."
"they also showed more stress , such as licking or scratching themselves ."
"earlier , the air force had told cnn that it did not have flights in the air at the time ."
"the decision came after consultations between iraqi officials and the iranian president , hosseini said in the telephone interview , which was played on state tv ."
"legal action has been taken against recruiters of child soldiers in congo and there have been several convictions in sierra leone , she said ."
"george w . bush on monday claimed the united states was exploring whether iran had a role in the terrorist attacks , a scenario discounted by the cia ."
"us experts are supervising the removal of 8 , 000 spent fuel rods as part of an international deal , first agreed in february and confirmed in october , under which north korea ends its nuclear program in return for economic aid and diplomatic concessions ."
"that , from berlin , and this tape from wcbs , this new york demonstrator says she s concerned about the civilian casualties"
how we tax the citizens .
that rain has led to a two hour flight delays at the philadelphia airport
south korea and the united states plan to begin the eighth round of negotiations in seoul on thursday .
tension was replaced by laughter . but that was summer .
"seoul wants wartime operation control to be transferred in 2012 , while washington prefers 2009 ."
"oil rig workers in the gulf of mexico were evacuated to galveston , texas , on sunday as a precaution ."
"according to landry , hawkins treatments were extensive , and cost the state 265 , 000 while he was in its custody ."
"five children were among the dead , said nikhil gupta , the police superintendent in nashik , about 160 km 100 miles east of mumbai ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"speaking before putin , medvedev said he supported putin taking the party leadership , calling it a logical and timely step ."
"the gray , grainy footage shows a man talking to the camera and then a woman wearing a white head scarf also speaking , but al arabiya did not broadcast their voices ."
"new governor of illinois , pat quinn , says his job is to mend the flaws in state government ."
"president elect barack obama was , for a while , like hundreds of thousands of other residents and tourists , in the dark on oahu ."
"hsbc offered up its own real estate to transform the building s storefront into a living theater , where actors would repeatedly perform the same scene"
"listen , there s no question that the suffering of the armenian people some 90 years ago was extreme ."
floridians are voting tuesday in a primary battle that could play a crucial role in deciding the republican presidential nominee .
"not wanting to take any undue risks the intelligence service has decided to intervene at a very early stage in order to interrupt the planning and the actual assassination , the statement by jakob scharf , the agency s director general , said ."
"sentencing seven of the accused in cairns in october , judge bradley told them that the girl involved was not forced into sex , according to a report in the australian newspaper ."
"paul krugman , the princeton university scholar and new york times columnist , won the nobel economic prize monday for his analysis of how economies of scale can affect trade patterns and the location of economic activity ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
its reservoir will be filled by stages until it reaches 660 kilometers in length britain has rejected accusations that it is letting its u . s . allies abuse al qaeda suspects insisting the prisoners had no complaints about their treatment .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"at last they pulled out the marble and a note you finally found it , you f r . whatever you do , be careful not to cross the line into illegal behavior ."
"ghazni , afghanistan reuters afghanistan s taliban killed one of the 23 south korean hostages on wednesday after kabul failed to free taliban prisoners , a spokesman for the group said , adding insurgents would kill more if their demands were not met ."
"at a cabinet meeting tuesday , the ministry of justice said it would instruct the prosecution to stiffen punishment on sex offenders against children or young students through revisions of the law ."
brazilian winger mancini crossed from the left and the ball eventually broke to pizarro whose effort from the edge of the box deflected off the gago and over casillas into the net after 24 minutes . totti had been largely quiet but on 58
"the entrance s security scanner was not working , abu bakr told the ap , and pedestrians entering the zone were subject to hand searches and passed through metal detectors , he said ."
they are the 11 men tasked with taking on english and european champions manchester united in the fifa club world cup on thursday
"still , he says , the union is willing to make more concessions to the auto makers ."
"the fbi says it s heard such threats before , and says there s no indication anything is imminent ."
"madison , wisconsin cnn dozens of cars were involved sunday in pileups that killed at least two people on a foggy stretch of highway ."
savor the moment
what is new is the frequency of people s contact with them and how easily they can now be spread around the world .
"the u . s . state department noted in a 2008 report that china had increased its efforts to control and censor the internet , and the government had tightened restrictions on freedom of speech and the domestic press and bloggers ."
"the boys now men , of course got back together and within 10 months"
some of the creatures were not lurking in fertile floodplains or tropical foliage .
"the activists were protesting a recent chinese order that beijing must approve all of tibet s spiritual leaders , known as lamas ."
"rome , italy an italian town s mayor hopes to shame men into not using prostitutes by photographing cars that pick them up and publishing the details in local newspapers ."
fed chairman ben bernanke is expected to deliver the report with two days of testimony in mid july .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"scholes , making his 101st champions league appearance , took full advantage after barcelona failed to clear their lines following a surging run from ronaldo ."
"presidential candidates on friday headed for south korea s central region , which has traditionally provided a key swing vote , as the campaigns underdogs struggled to challenge the conservative frontrunner , who is extending his lead ahead of the dec ."
her parents are being given regular updates but are not allowed to see their daughter during the operation .
"bulgaria is relying on alternative sources for its heating plants in the meantime , stanishev said ."
"its manager , thomas strier , said the driver , whom he described as very reliable and experienced , survived the accident . the scania bus was four years old , he said ."
"he has established a network of position markers , linked by satellite , that show a constant creep , northeast , among the islands on indonesia s indian ocean frontier . the first one was placed in august 2002 ."
"a high ranking delegation headed by foreign minister manouchehr mottaki will attend the egyptian conference on iraq , foreign ministy spokesman mohammad ali hosseini said in an interview with state television ."
"ronald jackson , jamaica s disaster preparedness director , said at least one house had collapsed , but no one was seriously injured ."
campaign analysts said the gap has narrowed 5 10 percentage points .
aggressive model introductions will translate to 48 new cars on the road here this year and the makers are drawing up diverse marketing strategies to attract local buyers .
"security guards encircled the sports utility vehicle that carried the two time premier past hundreds of residents who squeezed into the narrow streets of the ayoub colony , a poor neighborhood , to welcome her ."
"the dollar was trading at 99 . 70 yen , up from the 98 yen zone the previous day in asia ."
this year s holiday retail season is predicted to have been the worst in decades .
draft likely to be reduced
the police official said he did not know if she was married in the real world .
"shares of chiquita up 0 . 25 to 12 . 75 , charts fell nearly 1 percent in after hours trading on the new york stock exchange wednesday ."
brown and finance minister alistair darling said the plan would ensure the flow of money between banks and their customers . they said it would unjam any potential freeze by lenders jittery about global markets and liquidity .
"it s been going on since the indians traded manhattan to the dutch for knives , trinkets and a few pieces of cloth ."
of course you don t have a lot of nice things to say
the home side opened the scoring in the 62nd minute .
"howard is seeking a fifth term in office for his ruling liberal national coalition , but polls suggest a huge victory for labor s kevin rudd ."
loginova told maxim magazine in a recently taped interview that she fought off a car thief just four months ago .
when does north korea test its nuclear bombs ?
symptoms of the amoeba s rampage begin 1 to 14 days after infection and resemble the flu .
the man has been identified by the bbc as dr mohammed asha .
it is not clear how iraqi courts will attempt to bring the contractors to trial .
chinese president hu jintao called an emergency meeting of the policy making politburo and promised quick action and immediate relief for those trying to make it home .
the islamic regime in tehran strongly opposes israel s existence and frequently boasts of its ability to strike the jewish state with long range missiles .
the attack comes in the wake of a large scale israeli offensive in gaza that began last week and killed more than 100 people .
"conservative frontrunner nicolas sarkozy and socialist segolene royal clashed over employment , the economy , the environment and law and order ."
a bare majority of obama s voters said they would vote for clinton over mccain .
"the 14 year old male with a gunshot wound to his side was transported to rainbow babies and children s hospital where he is in stable condition , eckart said ."
"their relatives have criticized murray and the federal mine safety and health administration , accusing them of having given up their loved ones ."
"pulitzer prize winning author and community activist studs turkel , has died ."
it has affected everything from machinery manufacturers to seed companies .
"a few days ago , a liberal activist group , brave new films , ran a full page ad in the new york times , accompanied by a petition signed by more than 2 , 700 physicians calling on mccain to release his full medical records ."
"in europe , ecosystems in the north and baltic sea are believed to be experiencing their warmest temperatures since records began ."
it says iraq s children are caught up in a rapidly worsening humanitarian tragedy .
"each of the eight faced 191 charges of mass murder and more than 1 , 800 charges of attempted murder ."
"gold futures reached 1 , 001 on the new york mercantile exchange before dropping slightly to 997 . 10 ."
"the others were rookies , including ramon , the 48 year old israeli air force colonel ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"hearts went out to 59 year old robert tools when he became the world s first recipient of a battery powered , self contained artificial heart this time last year ."
from the top of a ski lift you can hike the ridge that marks the border of austria and liechtenstein .
"twenty eight people , many of them drunk , have drowned in the russian capital this month as muscovites cool off from a record heatwave in ponds , fountains and canals , rescue services said on wednesday ."
"however , he has had to postpone the effort for a couple of days because he was taken ill with a severe flu on his way to the airport in geneva ."
us defense secretary robert gates claimed that a funding cut in july would cripple the pentagon .
there was still no official number for those missing more than a day after the combination punch of a powerful earthquake and killer waves struck on monday morning .
"the police spokesman said 60 cars , a library and car dealer s showroom had been set on fire in villiers le bel ."
"20th with the world debut of happy endings , directed by don roos and starring maggie gyllenhaal , tom arnold and lisa kudrow ."
the man s remains lie on a table .
principe is one of the poorest spots on earth in dollar terms .
"we re gonna have the best looking house in town , russ ."
"as an initial step , the professors will hold a forum thursday , to shed light on negative side effects of the so called great canal project ."
"playing his last game before retiring , zinedine zidane s career ended in disgrace after he was sent off for crazily headbutting marco materazzi ."
president bush refused to confirm or deny the existence of the program .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the paper included an assertion of communist chinese claims to about 400 , 000 square kilometers of territory very roughly centered on mount paektu as historically chinese , including large tracts of north korea ."
"gran torino , the just out clint eastwood flick that s again earning the director critical plaudits , received its sole nomination for best song , which he co wrote ."
"prior to darwin s theory , published in on the origin of species in 1859 , it was accepted that man came from an archetype created by god , and was set apart from animals ."
"it was not immediately clear how many people were injured , though plant manager dave dorko said all employees and inspectors at the plant were safe and accounted for ."
"coastal living cnn there s a stillness that permeates the streets and the water in irvington , virginia ."
"he said his lab had produced about 100 cloned human embryos , but the hospital responsible for developing them into stem cells had deceived him about the results ."
gates was returning from a meeting in quebec with defense ministers from allies also serving in the southern sector of afghanistan .
"the rebels feigned they had withdrawn from their first line of defenses in well dug out trenches , one official said . after the troops backed by battle tanks reached the area , the rebels sprung a fierce attack ."
it will cost nearly 1 billion over three years to handle the surge in applications created by post september 11 security rules for travel .
"the team is searching the mammoth s genome for clues about its extinction , said study co author and biologist webb miller ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
iraqi officials had expected problems for pilgrims and issued a ban on carts in baghdad on friday .
"after the killings , hundreds of yazidis took to the streets of bashika ."
"he said these people who he did not name because , he said , that would endanger their lives shared his opinion that putin was eroding democratic reforms , centralizing power and infringing russia s constitution , according to the guardian ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"south korea and the united states have agreed to transfer wartime operational control sometime between 2009 and 2012 , reaching a compromise in their differences on a target year for the opcon transition from the united states to south korea ."
"he said he thought he was dealing with female prostitutes , and tried to cancel the rendezvous when he found they were not , but they then tried to extort money from him in return for not telling the media about the incident ."
"christodoulos was the spiritual leader of roughly 15 million greek orthodox christians worldwide , including about 10 million in greece ."
draft likely to be reduced
"governor mark sanford has declared a state of emergency in horry county , south carolina ."
"but the challenger tragedy , in which the shuttle exploded 73 seconds after liftoff , killing mcauliffe and six other crew members , brought the program to a premature halt ."
"the korea herald reports , in his keynote speech kwon also called for seoul to scrap the purported u . s . move to deploy a destroyer equipped with the advanced aegis antimissile system in the east sea between the korean peninsula and japan ."
the suicide bombing that targeted bhutto s convoy in karachi last thursday killed 130 people hours after her arrival in the southern port city of karachi .
"according to the army spokesman , the military operation , which was launched sunday , will continue until peace is completely restored to north waziristan ."
many on wall street had expected a weaker report from google due to fears that the slowing economy was weighing on sales .
"earlier , chavez said the bank is aimed at freeing us from the chains of dependence and underdevelopment ."
"scotland s murray added to his victory at the previous masters series event in cincinnati , which helped spur him to reach the final of the u . s . open last month before being beaten by federer ."
"the child can receive initial emergency treatment and can be stabilized as needed , he says , and transferred to a children s hospital if necessary ."
"north korea has released a photograph of a smiling kim jong il , the latest in an apparent attempt to dispel rumors that the reclusive leader is gravely ill ."
"however , vitamin d behaves like a hormone in the body , relaying chemical messages something no other vitamin does ."
"the fight did not appear to be gang related , police added , but it puts the number of violent teenage deaths in london at 14 so far this year ."
wolfe contends that dupre was 17 years old and therefore not legally competent to enter into a contract with the defendants .
living in a cage in hong kong
police said the victims all of whom were from the school were apparently picked at random .
"batman , which has a population of just under 250 , 000 , is the provincial capital of the oil rich batman province and lies close to the batman river ."
the joong ang ilbo reports the cost of key money is on the rise .
"according to skitrain . com , three additional cars are available for charter and one for company retreats ."
"an additional 65 , 000 of the flawed batteries were sold outside the u . s ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
fed chief sees crisis heading into 2009
"but the measure , which has been watered down several times , no longer allows the new force to seize and dispose of illegal arms ."
"viagra , for instance , has caused cardiac problems in a number of its users ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"my idea of a win win is you keep the paperwork that says you won and let us keep the money so i can take care of my wife , he said ."
dorzee said he immediately recognized diana while looking in the back of the car .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"animal rights groups say the authorities waited too long before taking steps aimed at holding down a big rise in the numbers of stray dogs , such as neutering dogs and registering pets ."
"the fighting is seen to come at a particularly unfortunate moment , with discussions about to take place between the au and un to pave the way for peace talks between government and rebels ."
"in addition , the rate of breast cancer has doubled or tripled in countries like japan , singapore and korea , according to the report ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the trial communications , in line with a recent bilateral agreement aimed at preventing accidental armed clashes at the west sea border , marked the first direct contact between combat ready field units of the two divided koreas ."
but it didn t work out that way .
hamas spokesman fawzi barhoum said sunday that palestinians must brace for a new round of confrontation .
draft likely to be reduced
"if he feels good with his foot at that time , taking part will help him rebuild his confidence ."
"karlovic , who served 37 aces in his two matches , will play paul capdeville ."
the official xinhua news agency said there were riots in tibetan inhabited areas in the provinces of sichuan and gansu . both provinces neighbor tibet .
"details of the move have yet to be released , but japanese media reports said the air base would be moved from futenma to camp schwab , near henoko ."
"the government is moving about 1 . 3 million people to higher ground some as far away as shanghai , 1 , 000 kilometers 600 miles to the east ."
a spokesman for the bancroft family declined to comment . dow jones representatives were not immediately available .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
flying with the flu ?
"those who thought they belonged to a lower class made up 45 . 2 percent , rising 2 . 8 percentage points from 2003 ."
"roh also attacked former gyeonggi governor sohn hak gyu , asking how he could be categorized as a candidate for the pro government camp ."
exports have been growing at an annual rate of more than 20 percent but analysts expect that may fall as low as zero in coming months as global demand weakens .
organizers shut down the course four hours after the start of sunday s chicago marathon because of 88 degree heat and sweltering humidity that left one runner dead and sent at least 49 to area hospitals .
"the state remained without a budget for an eighth day as a battle of wills dragged on between rendell , a democrat , and republicans in control of the state senate ."
"oulu , finland cnn a japanese man out played challengers to win the air guitar world championship for the second consecutive year at a contest in northern finland ."
sudan is accused of retaliating by unleashing arab militias known as the janjaweed and responsible for much of the violence .
koreans would face punishment if they entered the country without government permission .
new is an additional 15 billion euro 21 billion line of insured credit from the banks .
"he s got 25 years working with tinseltown s finest under his belt , and his film credits include into the wild and fight club ."
"the attacks also have wounded about 650 people , the sources said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"and instead of rumors simply making the rounds among peer groups they go out to a much bigger group , a worldwide group ."
"we ll look at the highs scoring against greece , the lows being sent off during the world cup , the man ."
"so , with the olympics a few short weeks away , china is giving its cuisine a linguistic makeover ."
"the flood has hit nine provinces the hardest 8212 including sichuan , which is still reeling from a 7 . 9 magnitude earthquake that struck southwestern china on may 12 ."
"for the first time , the anniversary commemoration took place in an atmosphere of raised hopes that justice will be done and those responsible for the slaughter of some 8 , 000 muslims 12 years ago this month will finally be prosecuted ."
they re beginning to get on my nerves .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
it is the same type of issue
manchester united or ac milan meet the eventual winners in the final in athens on may 23 . united won the first leg 3 2 at old trafford on tuesday .
senate finance committee chairman max baucus calls tim geithner s failure to pay self employment taxes unintentional and honest mistakes .
maria sharapova has been awarded a place at the season ending wta championships after american venus williams withdrew on medical advice .
the authors found 23 fewer deaths per year after a 1983 tax hike and 21 fewer deaths per year after a 2002 increase .
"an inconvenient truth , which turned gore s lectures on the threat of global warming into a highly touted theatrical release , won the academy award for best documentary feature sunday night ."
another breaking story now
a rescue team was also shelled as it tried to clear the rubble .
"william , a second lieutenant in the british army , graduated as a pilot earlier this month following a detachment to the royal air force ."
"he had a u . s . visa but did not have travel permission from authorities , razon added ."
the research group s monthly report is an important economic pointer because consumer spending accounts for about two thirds of the us economy .
illegal copies of microsoft s windows xp operating system are on sale for about 6 at moscow markets .
the dow now down by about 455 points .
"further , japan s corporate codgers had trouble keeping up with biotech s dizzying pace"
"obama campaign manager david plouffe welcomed the idea in principle , but suggested some changes to the format . we would recommend a format that is less structured and lengthier than the mccain campaign suggests , one that more closely resembles the historic debates between abraham lincoln and stephen douglas , he said in a statement released by the obama campaign ."
the age signs on face was there .
you get people turning up with banker s guarantees who are not interested in football and then they lose interest in the clubs and leave .
but this is an all out war against hamas and its branches . barak s remarks to parliament came as israeli warplanes carried out a third day of strikes against the palestinian militant group that rules gaza .
"an eu delegation led by prime minister jose socrates of portugal , which holds the presidency of the 25 nation group , is due in beijing on nov . 28 to chinese leaders ."
ufo strike has uk in a lather over e . t .
more than 130 people have died since a clampdown on shia militias in the southern city of basra started on tuesday .
"taliban rebels are holding 23 south korean christians in ghazni province , south of the capital kabul ."
but a number of analysts still say that further rate cuts are needed .
"junot diaz , a 40 year old native of the dominican republican who moved to new jersey as a boy , won the fiction prize for the brief wondrous life of oscar wao ."
we should not have dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima .
analysis found that compared with people in the study with normal body weight and a low belly measurement
"new york cnn the consumer product safety commission , in cooperation with mattel inc . , announced late tuesday that it is recalling about 700 , 000 chinese made toys that have excessive amounts of lead paint ."
the baby is due in the spring and will be the vice president s sixth grandchild . watch mary cheney address critics of the pregnancy
meteorologists predict more rain across much of the country in the next three weeks .
it just fell right into the river .
"south korea and the european union eu on wednesday launched full scale negotiations on tariff reductions in their free trade talks , a move seoul s chief negotiator says will help both sides wrap up the trade negotiations at an earlier date ."
the bodies have continued washing ashore in the weeks since .
"rio de janeiro , brazil cnn snakes including one 10 foot anaconda are increasingly invading the eastern amazon s largest city , driven from the rain forest by destruction of their natural habitat , the government s environmental protection agency said tuesday ."
the embattled junta on thursday accused western powers and foreign media of inciting the protests .
"you could go and if you were in the club , arrange a time and a place when online you could view a child being raped and brutalized in real time , he said ."
"the video shows dziekanski , who had never flown before , becoming agitated ."
spears recently completed a stint in rehab .
"after reaching an accord with the united states earlier this year , seoul has held four rounds of negotiations with brussels on a free trade agreement that could provide asia s third largest economy with a commercial bridge to europe ."
"industrial production fell 7 . 3 percent in february to a nearly 7 year low due to slower export growth and fewer working days , the korea herald quoted the national statistical office as saying yesterday ."
"i think you re gonna have a major shift , 25 to 35 seats in the house of representatives and 7 to 9 seats in u . s ."
but home minister syed hamid albar said monday such a plan will not be practical .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"3 . no , i don t have any questions for you ."
"with condon out of the race , scorsese s path to oscar victory could prove a bit easier ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"it brought the current total to 9 . 7 billion , just slightly shy of the 10 billion target the government set for the full year and almost two thirds of the surplus for all of 2003 . the korea herald reports the nation has nearly achieved its 2004 trade surplus in just four months , with exports of mobile phones , cars and semiconductors setting a record pace , according to government data yesterday ."
"because of the almost universal respect he commands , politicians and civil servants also follow closely any hints of the palace s desires when it comes to policy decisions ."
although vatican cameras captured some sleeping children who had been unable to stay awake for the late ceremony .
"since then , other organizations like human rights watch have spun off from amnesty , performing vital work standing up for people who are unable to stand up for themselves ."
moderate measures needed to settle north korea s nuclear issue .
"besides freeing up the funds , countries involved in the six party talks are to provide emergency energy assistance equivalent to 50 , 000 tons of heavy fuel oil ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the two lawyers shot on tuesday were defending saddam hussein s half brother barzan ibrahim al tikriti , and former vice president taha yassin ramadan ."
the 76 year old kennedy underwent surgery in june for a malignant brain tumor .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the chairman said he has nothing to do with the case .
opposition leader raila odinga said he and his orange democratic movement were ready to negotiate with the president without preconditions .
"about 15 divers from local counties did a bank to bank search thursday afternoon and found 11 vehicles , including an 18 wheeler , said lynn schwartz , communication specialist for the bridge collapse command center ."
republican senator david vitter tells the cbs early show he can t say yes til he knows detroit is willing to say no to some old obligations .
"a statement reminiscent of the rhetoric used by hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah , who spoke of a divine victory over israel in 2006 ."
"musharraf says the emergency measure and other suspensions of democracy have been necessary to restore security in pakistan , where clashes between government forces and taliban and al qaeda militants have intensified in recent weeks ."
famous ap photograph was taken of a second flag raising later the same day .
draft likely to be reduced
republicans said the measure unfairly targeted a single industry .
living in a cage in hong kong
"originally considered the diet of the poor , who didn t have much money to buy meat , the mediterranean diet is rich in fruits , vegetables , nuts , cereals , whole grains , fish and olive oil ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the ancient equivalent of artillery . researchers say the evidence suggests the tribesmen lured the romans into the forest to keep them from making full use of those long range weapons and draw them into hand to hand combat , outside of the formations the imperial troops had mastered ."
"but the globes have not correctly forecast an oscar best picture winner in four years , the last one being the lord of the rings"
coolio was also arrested back in june on a misdemeanor warrant for driving with a suspended license .
brewer said she wants models to be educated on nutrition and designers to encourage healthful lifestyles . watch stick thin models strut the runway
more than 100 people were packed into a container measuring 6 by 2 meters .
"the ruling uri party has decided to request prime minister lee hae chan s resignation over a recent golf game scandal , party officials said yesterday ."
"three shots were fired , one of which hit the schoolboy in the neck ."
it was not immediately clear how sebire died .
"bell made the alarmist statement at a breakfast meeting organized by the kwanhun club , a fraternity of senior journalists , at the korea press center in central seoul ."
the blast wounded 3 civilian contractors .
flying with the flu ?
"large companies often add three or four more personal days , and women get an additional 12 menstruation days ."
"verses and slogans cut into granite slabs extol the late president kim il sung , father of kim jong il ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"clooney made his way over to the lemonade stand wednesday afternoon after shooting scenes for leatherheads , a movie about the early days of professional football that he is directing and acting in ."
"china is still among the world s human rights abusers despite rapid economic growth that has transformed large parts of chinese society , the state department said in an annual accounting of human rights practices around the world ."
"the 23 year old prince holds the rank of cornet equivalent to a second lieutenant and serves as a forward air controller with a group called joint tactical air control , or jtac ."
the new strain is suspected in at least 159 deaths in mexico .
"deep in a remote region of cameroon , we are following two hunters looking for bush meat forest animals they can kill to feed their families ."
"after sitting on the couch for five months my passion and motivation is even stronger than ever , she said ."
a long term economic forecast issued yesterday by a state run think tank paints a gloomy outlook for south korea .
"despite calls for a boycott , however , many are still lining up for the film s action packed thrills and sometimes out of plain curiosity over all the fuss ."
"during the past four years , ecoist said , it has sold more than 100 , 000 accessories created by its designers in peru and miami , florida ."
"we exchange messages with each other to share plans , the taliban commander said of bin laden we actually meet very rarely just for important consultations ."
"we ve seen about a 20 percent increase in the last four months , said jacalyn elise , co founder of thehairtrader . com , referring to the number of ads offering hair for sale posted on her site ."
the markets are thriving as north korea intensifies a war of words with the united states over the reclusive regime s nuclear programs .
"the ruling , the latest in a series of blows to the nation s largest conglomerate , is paving the way for the prosecution to investigate the lee kun hee family for various stock and other asset transactions among family members ."
"the detroit media partnership employs more than 2 , 100 people , cnn affiliate wdiv tv reported ."
"this does not take into consideration the fans of the clubs and it gives the impression that they just want to go on tour to make some money , he said ."
"davenport , who is returning to singles play for the first time since having a child in june , was erratic at times after building a 5 2 lead in the second set ."
korean students still show a lack of awareness about gender bias .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
she told people backstage she was nervous .
"prime minister howard knows that setting a timeline for a withdrawal sends the wrong signal to our enemies and sends the wrong signal to the iraqi people , the official told cnn ."
aids epidemic in india should be taken as a serious problem .
"visitors will also not be able to see the king s face , which was revealed to the public for the first time in egypt this month ."
"inside netscape , barksdale promotes the strategy in two words"
"the couple has also listed their home on miami beach s posh star island for about 32 million , or roughly 13 million than they paid for it after o neal was traded to the heat by the los angeles lakers before the 2004 05 season ."
"record oil prices are threatening korea s trade balance and the effects of government spending plans to stimulate the economy , government agencies and analysts said yesterday ."
"un and red cross personnel met in geneva to arrange the relief operation , as the indonesian president called for a more coordinated effort ."
"failing repatriation , the lawmakers request hicks be immediately put to trial before a properly constituted u . s . criminal court ."
"the conway area humane society is evaluating successors to take over by the end of january , henley said ."
"during spring and fall , this area s famed wild horses spend much of their time grazing the virginia and maryland coastlines ."
that means scientists have underestimated the mass of saturn s rings .
iraq s cabinet has approved a new security agreement with the u . s .
a stronger open for the us stock market this morning ?
"the paper , called rising to the humanitarian challenge in iraq , is the latest documentation of the misery faced by iraqis ."
"its other awards were supporting actress for catherine zeta jones , and four technical honors including costume design and art direction ."
"three british residents held at the us guantanamo bay prison camp for being suspected terrorists arrived in britain on wednesday after more than four years in captivity and two were promptly arrested , police said ."
remarks from iranian foreign ministry spokesman mohammad ali hosseini were reported tuesday by the islamic republic news agency and the iranian student news agency .
"he cites a businessman who calls himself star and a woman who named herself polyesta , names he finds a bit too weird for the globalized mainstream ."
"in his victory speech , obama praised cooper s fight ."
"the marine admitted to investigators that he forced the girl down and kissed her , but"
"the 30 year old mayweather said he was retiring following his victory over oscar de la hoya to win the wbc super welterweight title in may . however , the prospect of facing hatton , 28 , has ensured his return to the ring ."
"marine scientists will be very interested in this amazing creature as it adds immeasurably to our understanding of the marine environment , anderton said ."
"more than 100 related works are due this fall and virtually all booksellers , a delegation of exiled tibetans arrived in china this week , but china s foreign ministry refused to comment on whether they will discuss reopening official ties between tibet and beijing ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
and a sharp drop in oil prices for a second day eased worries that high energy costs might squeeze consumers going into the holiday season .
"amnesty said the hidden extent of executions in china , where figures are secret , might mean the olympic host was behind the bulk of them worldwide ."
"around the world , grazing rights are increasingly endangered by modern development , officials said ."
"house senate negotiators finally reached an agreement this week after democrats worked out a provision satisfying gop demands that people who report what they in good faith believe to be terrorist activity around planes , trains and buses be protected from lawsuits ."
"on the other hand , he says , the business influence shouldn t be too large that it crowds out research and other uses ."
"instead , chirac said , the danger lies in the chances of proliferation or an arms race in the middle east should iran build a nuclear bomb ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"messages and signs were collected from more than 412 , 000 people to be aboard the satellite , jaxa said ."
"north korea agreed to resume the nuclear negotiations , involving china , japan , the two koreas , russia and the u . s . , after the united states offered unspecified concessions during rare bilateral talks in berlin in january ."
"but the u . s . state department reported more hits to its federal voting assistance web site than in 2004 , and noted that many americans were turning up at voting events"
manchester united are a very strong team but we played well in the first leg so it gave us strength to play well today .
"i think the attorney general is going to have to explain how he said he was not involved in discussions when the e mails released by the justice department show that he was at the meeting when all of these matters were discussed , specter said ."
"his government before it was ousted from power after parliamentary elections in february had contended that the killing was orchestrated by baitullah mehsud , who as leader of the pakistani taliban has ties to al qaeda ."
"each happy friend increases your own chance of being happy by 9 percent , whereas each unhappy friend decreases it by 7 percent ."
sullivan said the dismissal of khadr case has huge impact because none of the detainees held at this isolated military base in southeast cuba has been found to be an unlawful enemy combatant .
"the day of protest also coincides with the united nations 62nd birthday , and organizers said they were using that to urge action from the u . n . security council ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"goodling s decision to plead the fifth amendment raises even more questions concerning the potential misconduct and legal violations by the administration in this ongoing scandal , said rep ."
"merkel and israeli prime minister ehud olmert chaired a joint session of members of the two countries cabinets , at which both governments signed off on a range of projects , including in education , the environment and defense ."
clinton suspended her campaign and endorsed obama for the democratic presidential nomination this month .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the woman , who is jailed on suspicion of illegally accessing a computer and manipulating electronic data , used his identification and password to log onto popular interactive game maple story to carry out the virtual murder in mid may , a police official in northern sapporo said on condition of anonymity , citing department policy ."
"a cnn poll of polls on the eve of the pennsylvania primary gave clinton a seven point advantage over obama , 50 percent to 43 percent with seven percent undecided ."
survivors were facing their third night without electricity in the aftermath of the historic cyclone that also clogged roads with thousands of downed trees .
the prime minister announced in september that he would leave office within a year .
"the plant s last reactor , the one shut down last thursday , was reactor no ."
"army commander gen . sonthi boonyaratglin said more military reinforcements will be sent to the south , but that there was no need to impose a curfew in the area , according to the state thai news agency ."
"both democratic candidates picked up superdelegates wednesday , with obama getting the support of oklahoma gov . brad henry and clinton receiving a nod from tennessee rep . john tanner ."
"although zero has been around since the time of the babylonians , it didn t infiltrate western thinking until the 12th century when italian mathematician , leonardo fibonacci included it in his book liber abaci ."
"april 15 is the birthday of north korea s former leader , kim il sung , and is celebrated there as one of the country s major holidays ."
"the experiment itself and the facilities involved were not subject to reporting to the international atomic energy agency iaea at the time , but the 0 . 2 gram produced as the end result should have been reported , a senior official at the foreign affairs and trade ministry said on condition of anonymity ."
but she added she doesn t know whether the government will press charges against her to prevent her from having a role in this year s national elections .
"hopefully we ll have answers in a short period of time , he said ."
"images of what appear to be the missing soldiers personal effects including visa and mastercard credit cards , a cross , 50 u . s . bills and iraqi currency are shown at the end of the video ."
"the plastics industry quickly expanded , of course , providing the materials for a large portion of manufactured goods ."
all rights reserved .
nine americans and one russian will share thanksgiving aboard the international space station tomorrow .
treasury secretary henry paulson said americans are by nature impatient people gutierrez described the need to make progress in all areas as soon as possible .
"while he waited to be interrogated , he says , an israeli officer came up and told us jericho has fallen ."
"for a third year , violence overshadows preparations for bethlehem s christmas , a holiday that used to draw tens of thousands of tourists and was the lifeblood of the town s economy ."
many of them oppose beijing s rule .
"for questions about menstrual issues , northrup recommends the red web foundation , a nonprofit organization the fosters positive views of girls and women s bodies and menstrual cycles ."
"they were projected to win 168 seats , compared to 154 for mariano rajoy s pp ."
"woods has won six times in the chicago area four at cog hill , two in the pga championship at medinah . the only place where he has had more victories is the san diego area , where he has won eight times ."
afghan police say a suicide bomber has killed six people and wounded more than twenty others in southern afghanistan .
"she escaped three weeks later only to return on valentine s day 1981 as the head of her own gang , whom she allegedly told to kill 22 high caste hindu men in revenge for her rape ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn rescuers searched for a third day as 26 people remained missing after the collapse of a bridge spanning the bheri river in western nepal , police said ."
che film gets thumbs up in cuba
"maj . gen . richard a . huck , former commanding general of the 2nd marine division"
"with the aging of the population , parks will be competing for an older crowd , which means that attractions may have to be geared toward 50 year olds ."
"hong kong , china cnn supporters of deposed prime minister thaksin shinawatra won nearly half the seats in the lower house of parliament , making them the clear favorites to lead a new government , according to official results , thailand s election commission announced tuesday ."
"it s on the farm of gunnar ingvarsson , the 74 year old who decided 20 years ago to tap the boiling hot water spewing out of the ground ."
"this is a remarkable discovery , principal investigator steve squyres of cornell university said in a statement . it makes you wonder what else is still out there ."
we are asking the iranian government for that to stop .
peter judge of the massachusetts emergency management agency says mother nature isn t helping with repairs .
"statistics showed that about 24 koreans out of every 100 , 000 committed suicide in 2005 , making suicide the fourth most common cause of death ."
"restructure and become competitive , or those loans will be called ."
"he was identified as abu laith al libi , 41 , who was on the military s most wanted list ."
"creamer needed to win sunday to finish atop the yearlong money list , something no american player has done since betsy king in 1993 ."
"the u . s . economy will tip into a mild recession in 2008 as the result of mutually reinforcing cycles in the housing and financial markets , the imf said ."
"the plant , the world s biggest nuclear power plant , reported a fire and a radiation leak at the facility after monday s quake ."
more than half of them were first time contributors .
africa is cited as the fastest growing mobile phone network in the world .
unity is the key message of the orchestra for peace .
"beckham still has three years on his contract with the galaxy , where he is a midfielder ."
"we are more than just a sand and sea and sex destination , said george michaelides , chairman of the cultural and special interest tourism association ."
"the woman , 67 , was found dead inside a tent at a campground near graceland ."
"prime minister surayud chulanont is reported to have defended the move , saying the extra payments were worth it to rid the country of corruption ."
the kidnappers later executed two of the south koreans .
police said they had been tracking him through the internet since january .
"chilean police chief gen . jose alejandro bernales and his wife were among the dead , the official said ."
but there may be signs of voter fatigue with turnout for these national assembly elections expected to be around 50 the lowest since south korea held its first genuinely democratic election two decades ago .
the meeting with macau officials came about two weeks after north korea agreed in six nation talks to take initial steps to abandon its nuclear weapons program in return for aid .
"contributing conditions included high blood pressure and emphysema , he said ."
"love gave elektra its first chart single , an oddball cover of burt bacharach and hal david s my little red book"
"the new museum is about twice the size of the beverage company s former museum , which was built in 1990 and located about a mile away , next to the georgia capitol building ."
a group of skiers had a fortunate escape tuesday after they were rescued from a stricken gondola that was left dangling over a freezing creek at a ski resort in canada .
anderson is starring as a magician s assistant .
rossellini hopes you ll find the two minute flicks amusing .
"adjustments have also been made to the new track , which opens june 10 , notably the banking on turns ."
"but after abbas expelled the islamic group from the palestinian government , olmert had signaled he would unfreeze the money ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"on monday , he put the castle up for sale to the right purchaser under the right circumstances , said michael gardner , chief executive of baytree capital , the company representing habsburg ."
"caffey , who is in critical condition , was able to crawl 300 yards to a neighbor s home and later identified one of the suspects , said traylor ."
"i called out sue s name twice , and the second time she raised her hand , he said . i announced we had to get her to pittsburgh , to the children s hospital , that they had a heart for her little boy ."
"azerbaijan is a former soviet republic that borders the caspian sea , and lies just north of iran ."
experts say the bottom line is that parents should get more involved in the online lives of their children .
"because she faces a misdemeanor charge , the co star of tv s the simple life was not required to attend . terms of any deal that might be on the table were not made available and the district attorney s office declined to comment ."
fears over job losses have triggered several outbursts of unrest in recent weeks .
the us could face billions of dollars in trade sanctions for failing to scrap illegal subsidies paid to american cotton growers .
"workers at seven airports , including london s heathrow and gatwick , decided to take action after airport operator baa announced its intention to change its employee pension plan , the unite union said ."
"music is such an important part of kids and families lives , we thought it would be great to have a speaker system built in the wagon , said tom schlegel , vice president of product development ."
"my commitment is to do what is required . president bush has indicated that he has the same approach , the same attitude , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois ."
"on january 23 , the u . s . government began requiring citizens of the united states , canada , mexico and bermuda to present a passport to enter the united states when arriving by air from any part of the western hemisphere ."
"bernie the swindler , lesson return stolen property to rightful owners ."
he has also promised to cut taxes and improve education .
"cars were backed up on many roads as police struggled to stop some protesters from approaching the presidential office of chong wa dae , which is only a few kilometers away from seoul city hall ."
"what are the effects of free trade and globalization ? what are the driving forces behind worldwide urbanization ? paul krugman has formulated a new theory to answer these questions , the academy said in its citation ."
"after legal fees were paid , 417 , 000 was placed in a trust to pay for debbie shank s long term care ."
obama said his memories of the people of illinois will stay with me when i go to the white house in january .
she last visited afghanistan in march 2006 with president bush .
"in two different polls , around 70 percent of democrats polled believe obama will get their party s nomination ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
but she also reasoned you cannot make a relationship by being arm candy .
"their school colors are black and gold , and so what we developed was the first of all , the very latest designs that we manufacture , the most ergonomic seating , the latest design of table and we produced them in their school colors , their black and gold ."
"meanwhile , a 36 hour curfew was lifted in the northern city of kirkuk following a huge security operation ."
"a south korean military team returned monday from iraq after evaluating sites to send 3 , 600 troops , as the government stepped up preparations for the delayed dispatch ."
they threatened disaster and the destruction of the village unless the couple made good on the deal .
but psychologists who study happiness often report a different picture .
"penis injections and vacuum pumps were available , but these treatments weren t appealing ."
that it drops off sharply in the first decade
but the mission suffered a setback when the rocket failed to deliver one of two probes into orbit .
the detection came amid a police crackdown on school gangs since last month .
"other leaders of the network have been detained in previous raids , the military said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"that day finally arrived this summer , when my friend leslie and i decided to celebrate her birthday with a trip to the small country north of albania and south of bosnia and herzegovina ."
"manila police chief danilo abarzosa said ducat would be charged with illegal detention and abduction , illegal possession of explosives and illegal possession of firearms , the associated press reported ."
"tuesday s bus bombings , however , were the first time that an attack appeared aimed to exact maximum casualties on civilians with no political affiliation ."
"the man released all but two of the hostages shortly after taking them captive , but held on to a woman and the group s translator , australian media said , quoting the country s department for foreign affairs and trade ."
"he says it shouldn t disqualify him to head the treasury department , which includes the irs ."
"in every room there is a sense of serenity , whether the children are practicing brush strokes for calligraphy , tumbling around in judo or gliding their little fingers over the harmounia , a type of piano used in music class ."
"to avoid the need for a second referendum in france , he wants to pass the mini treaty through parliament ."
he said five rebels were killed and one member of the iraqi security forces was injured .
"like other skills , one s kissing technique can be improved upon ."
sunday the english version of the self styled cyber diplomats homepage www . prkorea . com english had been hacked and its web board swamped with messages thought to be written by japanese people .
"tokyo , japan cnn pirates released a japanese tanker and its 22 crew members off the somali coast wednesday and all the crew are unharmed , a u . s . navy spokesman said ."
"sean preston federline , son of britney spears and kevin federline"
"the minister said he learned three or four months after the 2002 bali nightclub bombings that his friend had been given prior warning not to travel to central bali , site of the terrorist attacks that killed more than 200 people mostly westerners ."
"the monthly trade surplus stood at 2 . 9 billion , the highest since december 1998 ."
"the report notes that the defense department has identified only combat troops for deployment in the increase but says , u . s . military operations also require substantial support forces , including personnel to staff headquarters , serve as military police and provide communications , contracting , engineering , intelligence , medical and other services ."
"denocio , have you heard the saying that a man who represents himself has a fool for a client ?"
"a special , tender version is sometimes served to the elderly , in keeping with confucian respect for seniors and their teeth ."
thirty percent of respondents reported worrying about the cost of living while 29 percent cited credit card debt .
the safety commission said pc users should remove laptop batteries immediately and contact the manufacturer to request a replacement .
it threatened phased industrial action starting may that will culminate in a full strike if negotiations with the korean government and the usfk produce no satisfactory results .
"the farc has justified hostage taking as a legitimate military tactic in a long running and complex civil war that also has involved right wing paramilitaries , government forces and drug traffickers ."
the joong ang ilbo reports mbc tv yesterday released an official apology in which it acknowledged that several of its reporters and executives had received bribes from a lobbyist for a nepalese company .
"thank you and i m looking forward to seeing my family and friends at cbs . and thank you again , he said ."
seoul also made it clear that such an incident should not be allowed to occur again .
the last king of scotland premiered in uganda last week and goes into general release in the country friday .
"and just 76 mammals have become extinct in the last 500 years , the iucn said ."
"current account data from the bank of korea showed that 6 . 5 billion flowed out from the country via travelers and students between january and july , up 16 percent from the year earlier period ."
manjhi was born on july 25 .
"the procession winds up graceland s long , sloping driveway , past presley s grave in a small garden beside the house ."
"30 , private kim hyun jong posted an article about his homosexuality on the online riot police community web site ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"sasae and russian deputy foreign minister alexander losyukov have said that energy assistance was the sole sticking point , with the japanese envoy calling north korean demands excessive ."
"but there were gains in australia where the s p asx200 index rose 4 . 4 percent to close at 5 , 412 . 3 after losing 7 . 1 percent the day before korea , singapore and india ."
"by imposing the two week break from school , health authorities are hoping to slow the spread of influenza ."
"the top u . s . military officer warned thursday he is deeply concerned about the situation in afghanistan , adding that maintaining troops in iraq is harming overall u . s . military capabilities ."
"demonstrators have occupied thailand s government house since august , forcing lawmakers to meet elsewhere ."
"nasa fears the united states will risk losing its title as the leading spacefaring nation as russia , europe , japan , china and india improve their ability to send humans and cargo into space during the gap years ."
"other products are turned off by this worm , so that s what makes it even scarier ."
"anticipating a more severe economic downturn , the energy department forecasts gas prices will average 2 . 37 a gallon through 2009 ."
the wake up music for the shuttle endeavour nasa engineers are checking the latest damage assessment of the shuttle before they okay the return to earth .
"first , the blackmailer demanded a loan of several million euros ."
living in a cage in hong kong
turkey s ruling ak party on wednesday proposed to bring forward a parliamentary election to june 24 to ease tensions after an increasingly bitter standoff between the islamist rooted government and the secular elite .
"the nec will finalize voter lists by april 8 , and send voting guidelines and candidate publicity materials to voters by april 10 ."
kita said yesterday that korean products have lost ground in the u . s . market for three years in a row .
"a north korean envoy to the united nations has denounced planned redeployments of u . s . forces in korea , but has also raised a new offer of a peace treaty ."
the conflict intensified over the weekend when questions arose over whether supreme court justice lee yong hun s close relationship with korea exchange bank s keb management was forcing the courts to take a softer stance toward the dallas based buyout firm .
"the last time a spacecraft flew past mercury was in 1975 , by nasa s mariner 10 ."
"tens of thousands of homes , school and hospitals in poor and wealthy districts alike were inundated ."
"she stayed up later than usual , until about 3 a . m . , after obama s speech and the phone began ringing off the hook ."
"according to ap reports , at least 14 people have been killed in election related violence since thursday s voting in kenya ."
"it was mainly an exterior fire , although there might have been slight damage to some rooms , he told cnn after a news conference ."
"beckham , who has been struggling with an ankle injury , hurt his knee in la galaxy s superliga final defeat to pachuca on wednesday ."
the committee on financial services will now convene .
an offense that will probably keep him out of at least one champions league match .
"what s good for the heart may hurt the brain , according to a new study of the effects of alcohol ."
"also , they pointed to her telling reporters she disagreed with the campaign s decision to pull out of michigan ."
"the boy and girl , aged 5 and 7 , watched as the scrub python devoured their silky terrier chihuahua crossbreed monday at their home near kuranda in queensland state ."
nothing of this will happen .
"nearly 300 billion won worth of property damage was reported as of 10 a . m . on sunday , according to the national disaster prevention and countermeasures headquarters ."
"he cited physical evidence of iran munitions , the manufacturing of the explosively formed penetrators , known as efps , and the detention of quds force personnel . watch pentagon top brass discuss the possible iran connection"
"al maliki blamed al qaeda in iraq for the killing , but said it would backfire against the insurgent group by further isolating it across the country ."
"then she threw her hands up and covered her mouth , overcome with emotion ."
"havana , cuba cnn cuban state security agents followed anti government protesters into a catholic church this week , detaining about a dozen dissidents after hitting and kicking some of them , according to witnesses ."
electric dreams for green driving
"china sees taiwan as its territory , and says it is committed to reunification ."
"back in new york , the nasdaq and s p were following the dow down with slides of about four percent ."
authorities did not say how they knew the baby had been in the mud since the flooding .
"one of the most contentious issues before the judge was the collection of dna from smith s body to help establish paternity , and to reinforce that smith is the mother ."
rising co2 emissions from transportation both road and aviation jeopardize the eu s efforts to cut the amount of greenhouse gases that the region releases .
"in recent years , alec baldwin has been on top of the world"
"browne said the extra 1 , 400 troops would form a battalion charged with roving across a swathe of southern afghanistan , mounting attacks on taliban targets and responding to insurgent offensives ."
"it wasn t until firefighters flushed about 250 gallons of water through the 10 to 12 inch pipe enough to wet the kitten s paws and the feline rushed into the hands of firefighter kevin siers , who was standing inside a manhole ."
"identified as client 9 in court documents , spitzer is alleged to have met dupre at the mayflower hotel in washington last month ."
"to my own surprise , i found the answer during the very first meeting . i thought everyone would laugh at my suggestion , so i waited until the last two minutes to talk and after i did , the room just fell silent , fink , a former commander in the israeli army , told cnn ."
it s enough to make even the most conscientious climate change student issue a weary discombobulated sigh .
"the korea exchange bank management deliberately undervalued the bank to facilitate the 2003 sale to u . s . based equity fund lone star funds , state auditors concluded yesterday ."
napolitano has learnt to win sprints by racing on the track .
"a half hour before tuesday s strike was to begin , sarkozy , fillon and transport minister dominique bussereau met with the directors of the national and regional rail systems as well as the directors of the public electric and gas utility companies edf and gdf ."
"pills were found in the vicinity of the bed , police spokesman paul browne told cnn . this is being looked at as a possible overdose , but that is not confirmed yet ."
"she tried to grab hold of a taxi that was going by and the couple of bystanders went over to ask what was happening , murchie said . he let go of her hair , pulled out a gun and shot them all ."
"if we are forced to take an offer directly to your shareholders , that action will have an"
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"yes , we miss steve , but phil handled everything well . i m here to see what apple s doing next , not how much weight steve has lost ."
"the french weekly paper le journal du dimanche reported sunday , quoting unnamed sources , that sarkozy plans to wed bruni on feb . 8 or 9 and has already given her a heart shaped diamond engagement ring ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"under the scenario , journalists are supposed to leave ministry buildings shortly after news briefings by government officials ."
he underscored the fact that no country can tolerate the presence of the terrorist groups next to our territories attacking civilians .
"this announcement comes after gm , the nation s largest automaker , posted a 3 . 3 billion net loss in the first quarter of this year ."
an endangered and secretive animal rarely seen in the wild has been caught on camera in west africa .
"the stunt embarrassed sydney police who have imposed the tightest security measures in city history for a summit of leaders from pacific rim countries , including bush ."
"she died when a tornado hit her family s mobile home , the associated press reported ."
"the separatist group claimed responsibility for a december 30 , 2006 , car bomb at the madrid airport that killed two men and destroyed a parking garage ."
"hong kong s hang seng index finished the day down 5 . 11 percent , at 15 , 180 . 02 , while australia s all ordinaries index and singapore s straits times index both fell 6 . 7 percent ."
"he bought a sprawling ranch in rio bonito , a rural town 50 miles 75 kilometers northeast of rio , and married almeida ."
her campaign is hoping a big win will raise doubts about barack obama s electability in the general election .
ainslie said he was delighted with the recognition .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
fire officials say the building was engulfed in flames when they arrived early this morning .
"burrell , who returned to britain from his home in florida to give evidence , was the first star witness of the london inquest , now in its fourth month ."
their supporters say they were ousted because they were set to rule against the legitimacy of musharraf s third term in office .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
they ve had no structural damage .
"feng shuyong , vice director of the chinese athletics administrative centre , told the china daily"
this sunday s strip will include a contest in which breathed asks readers to guess the penguin s fate .
"were the competition not so great , americans might get away with this behavior ."
"the administration s attempts to reduce protection to the polar bear from greenhouse gas emissions are illegal and won t hold up in court , said siegel ."
national hurricane center specialist richard pasch says a strong weather system coming off the continental u . s . is racking the storm .
"speaking on nbc s today show , branson described his friend fossett as a remarkable individual who touched the lives of those he knew ."
"a bomb squad retrieved the device consisting of three metal tubes filled with gunpowder , cables and a cell phone , all tied together with tape from the 740 foot 225 meter torre mayor on mexico city s main reforma avenue , the city s public security department said in a news release ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the baltimore ravens are in tennessee to take on the titans in the afc s matchup .
"he had been accused by an official investigation last month of accepting the equivalent of more than 850 , 000 in bribes to approve hundreds of drugs ."
"up against a march 2007 deadline , roh is facing huge resistance to the negotiations from civic groups that once formed the base of his support ."
"but enforcement has been so lax that until recently many people didn t even know prostitution was illegal , says song ae ri , a sex industry expert at the ministry of gender equality ."
a major winter storm is snarling traffic and cutting power to thousands of customers across the midwest and northeast .
"a police officer shooting at a snake apparently killed a 5 year old boy who was fishing at a nearby pond , officials said ."
the failure of the pro thaksin people s power party to capture an absolute majority in the 480 seat lower house of parliament opens the way for his opponents to form a government despite the ppp s substantial mandate .
"rctv , which has been broadcasting for 53 years , is slated to be off the air at midnight . it will be replaced by a state run station ."
"more than 1 , 600 damaged and destroyed villages will be visible , as will the remnants of more than 100 , 000 homes , schools , mosques and other structures destroyed by the janjaweed militia and sudanese forces ."
"the forecast for this winter is a continued quiet sun , in general , he said ."
"the republican race , in which john mccain appears to have a clear lead in polls over his main challenger , mitt romney , may be decided on tuesday ."
"onions are plentiful sources of disease fighting phenols and flavonoids , both potential cancer fighters and weapons against some chronic diseases ."
"some questions have been raised , though , about his lack of experience in intelligence matters ."
"by the six party talks will journey to north korea in the next week at the invitation of the north koreans to begin disabling north korea s means of producing bomb making material , hill said ."
the united nations says at least 500 million new jobs will be needed during the next ten years to help support the world s workforce .
rescuers return wayward birds home
living in a cage in hong kong
"chipmunks are diurnal animals and they do hibernate , but not right now ."
the dispute has flared up again after an uneasy two year truce .
and filmmakers still haven t figured out how to make instant messaging visually interesting .
it s also how wireless 911 calls are supposed to work everywhere .
"the week , giving the nation a chance to clear clogged highways and move goods ."
"the dow slumped more than 800 points during afternoon trading but a late rally saw it close at 9 , 955 . 50 ."
three south korean executives and eight filipino laborers with daewoo engineering and construction were kidnapped thursday following a shootout at a power plant construction site in southern nigeria .
"barack obama is a fairly young guy and doesn t have great of a risk , roizen said ."
"it estimates that under past proportions , 28 , 000 support troops would be added to the 20 , 000 combat troops . but it revises that figure to 15 , 000 support troops for a new deployment ."
"they were to have been protected by a cordon of riot police , armed with batons and shields . . . the police , however , themselves demoralized after being accused of causing the deaths of two farmers during violent protests in seoul last november , and were unable to keep the protesters away from the troops ."
it is one in a series of inquiries into the alleged abuse or killing of iraqis by coalition forces .
robert kim arrived in his motherland .
albert einstein s e mc2 is probably the world s most famous equation .
washington cnn president bush expressed optimism monday after meetings with israeli and palestinian leaders about reviving the stalled mideast peace process .
"you re a goddess and i m so glad the world now knows what you can do , zellweger told her while onstage ."
"earlier in the day , carter said that hamas is prepared to accept peace with israel if the palestinian people approve any agreement that may be negotiated with the jewish state ."
roh s office could not immediately confirm the report .
"london , england cnn software giant microsoft unveiled some of its future technology at its fourth annual innovation day in brussels on december 4 ."
"the scientific report also suggests the cataclysm also reduced the population of the earliest people to inhabit the region and triggered a 1 , 300 year long cold spell that stretched around the world ."
a spokeswoman for clarence house confirmed harry and his friend were in the area at the time and that police had been in contact with them .
"others were from syria , yemen , algeria , morocco and jordan ."
milan were embroiled in the italian match fixing scandal of last year and punished by the authorities with a points deduction that cost them their automatic champions league place after finishing second in the serie a table .
"under a proposal issued earlier this month , the government suggested paring the weeklong may break to one day and making three new one day holidays out of traditional celebrations including grave sweeping day , the dragon boat festival and the mid autumn festival ."
president george w . bush tuesday described north korea as one of the brutal regimes that oppresses its own people and urged the u . s .
thailand s main opposition party says it has submitted evidence to the electoral commission that the ruling party has committed electoral fraud .
korea to double african aid by . . .
shares of sun microsystems fell more than 23 percent monday on news that ibm withdrew its acquisition offer over the weekend .
"each year , about 40 percent of the 3 million people using gray line s hop on , hop off buses around new york take the uptown loop , which includes harlem and stops on 125th street across from the apollo theater ."
"new york times , wall street journal reporting that general motors and chrysler have held preliminary talks about a merger or making a deal in which gm buys chrysler ."
"this time , messenger will provide views of the opposite side of the planet , never before seen by a spacecraft ."
"using about 68 , 000 liters 15 , 000 imperial gallons or 13 , 000 liters per passenger of jet fuel for the nine hour trip from chicago to london , american airlines is being accused of unnecessary waste ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"it s a great feeling , marvellous for this club . this club deserves to be in the final ."
"warner opposed bush s january decision to send nearly 30 , 000 additional u . s . troops to iraq . but he has so far also opposed democratic efforts to force bush to start bringing u . s . troops home ."
georgia department of natural resources spokesman ben johnson said the hunt for the gator would resume thursday or friday once the media buzz and local spectator interest has calmed .
two women were freed following the first round of talks a fortnight ago .
"six more tornado related deaths were reported in georgia early friday , bringing to 17 the number of fatalities blamed on a storm system that blasted the central and southeastern united states ."
"but before town owner bobby cave signs the deed over , he must ensure the ebay bid is legitimate ."
even if it was a person s first offense and the offender did not know the prostitute was being controlled by a pimp or had been trafficked .
the u . s . military has recently intervened several times to help ships hijacked by somali pirates .
they are currently leading their asian qualifying group for the 2010 world cup and appeared at the last world cup in 2006 .
some 70 police were needed to rescue the men and restore order after they fled to a pizzeria and the mob tried to force its way in .
"but it doesn t look like the president elect is going to get that package as quickly as he wants it , sagar ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
hints at the frustrations of the iaea investigators seeking clear answers about the program .
he said his client was too drunk to remember how the body spray canister ended up in his body .
"washington cnn president bush on wednesday told cnn he would personally facilitate peace negotiations between the palestinians and israelis , saying the formation of a democratic palestinian state was the best way to bring peace to the region ."
"the car was spotted in a parking lot of a wildlife preserve in kane county , illinois , just outside chicago , authorities said ."
"rice was convinced that their lives were in danger and that they had to outrun the pursuing car or they might be killed , the lawsuit said ."
"she will surprise the world , said sean garrett , who collaborated with the singer on three new tracks ."
"so of course we re going to give it to him , because . . . it s not important how big of a name an actor is , it s about how great the character that s being created , how it jumps off the screen and becomes memorable ."
"this is the largest ever use of cell phones for health information , said gustav praekelt , one of the project s originators ."
"in the old days , some jars were cut out of logs and lined with oil soaked paper to prevent juice leaking ."
the boy kidnapped from his las vegas home by alleged drug dealers found alive in a neighborhood off a las vegas strip .
"the anti retroviral drugs are needed by patients who develop resistance to first line treatment and currently cost 10 times as much as first line therapy , clinton said ."
"the draft document says scientists are highly confident that many current problems change in species habits and habitats , more acidified oceans , loss of wetlands , bleaching of coral reefs , and increases in allergy inducing pollen can be blamed on global warming ."
"abe s earlier comments risked straining ties with washington , where u . s . congressman michael honda has introduced a resolution calling for japan to make an unambiguous apology to the women ."
the weather on earth could cause some problems
our research can be regarded as a major vindication of the model .
"those arrested included two american guards , along with 21 people from sri lanka , nine from nepal and 10 iraqis , al moussawi said ."
it is usually about 5 feet 1 . 5 meters long and weighs around 45 kilograms 100 pounds .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"hong kong international airport , singapore s changi and seoul s incheon have topped the ranks of airport awards for the last decade ."
the obama camp also cited former president bill clinton s 20 million payout from supermarket holding company yucaipa as a reason why the couple should release the documents .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
she married in 1952 .
flying with the flu ?
"katmandu , nepal cnn nepal s governing coalition on sunday moved away from its long standing monarchy toward a republic , but the change will be implemented only after general elections slated to be held by next spring ."
"officials have wrestled for months over what to do with the mir , which moscow can no longer afford to maintain ."
"the province of kangwon suffered the highest toll , with 181 confirmed deaths , the international federation of the red cross s terje lysholm said ."
chong wa dae spokesman yoon tai young said he is not in a position to comment on whether the president would quit the party or not .
"at them and firmly lodged , wade said ."
"beijing ap with china s next leaders listening , outgoing premier zhu rongji convened the country s largely toothless legislature on march 5 and outlined the new generation s top goal helping the hundreds of millions of people that years of economic boom and wrenching change have left behind ."
"i m sure there were more than 15 but i couldn t count the ones who were ashes , he said in a phone interview ."
"powerful legislators and automobile companies are already saying they will not support the deal , a sure sign that a lot of noise will come out of the u . s ."
hyundai motor co . chairman chung mong koo s wait is almost over .
"sen . barack obama led with about 56 percent of state delegates in the caucuses , compared to about 44 percent for sen . hillary clinton , with about 41 percent of the state reporting by thursday morning ."
"his most famous feat , as described in the hindu epic the ramayana , was leading a monkey army to fight the demon king ravana and rescue a kidnapped princess ."
"darwin , a prison officer and former teacher , was declared dead by a coroner in 2003 , 13 months after he went missing ."
"the explosion followed three months of increased activity in the crater , which has been releasing high levels of sulfur dioxide and carbon dioxide , said observatory geochemist jeff sutton ."
"francis tam pak yuen , macau s secretary of economy and finance , said more than 20 million went from banco delta asia to a north korean account in a small private russian bank via the macau monetary authority , the u . s . federal reserve and the russian central bank ."
"during an appearance monday in nashua , new hampshire , he apologized again , telling reporters he meant to criticize the civilian leadership of the war , not those serving in the military ."
it s a stirring sight with the chance for a refreshing shower before tackling the climb back up the cliff .
"we have told the iranian and the americans , we know that you have a problem with each other , but we are asking you please solve your problems outside iraq ."
"church members tour settlements with baras and have donated more than a 100 , 000 to support them ."
"is this just a new twist on an old paranoid or grandiose delusion . . . or is there sort of a perfect storm of the culture we re in , in which fame holds such high value ? said dr . joel gold , a psychiatrist affiliated with new york s bellevue hospital ."
prosecutors thursday raided the headquarters of the korea exchange bank keb and the houses of its former executives .
"jolstad was working on the bridge construction project and sacorafas was on her way to dance class , but had left a voice mail message saying she was delayed by traffic and running late ."
"while the magellanic penguin population is not in jeopardy because of this one event , ruoppolo said there are other threats , primarily from overfishing . flight of the penguins"
it was like entering a seamless cinematic reality .
"we all thought that the intelligence case was strong . rice said , speaking to cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer , just hours before an interview with tenet was set to air on cbs news 60 minutes ."
"the attacker raped her and put her in the trunk of her car , but he ran away when two attendants approached him as he tried to leave the garage ."
chinese premier wen jiabao tuesday dismissed the dalai lama s claim of cultural genocide in tibet as lies and blamed supporters of the dalai lama for the violent protests over china s rule of tibet .
the unrest stemmed from the june 21 death of li shu fan .
us pressed burmese government to release ms .
sawaya
"forest officials say that generous funding could alleviate half their troubles , if it comes ."
"she did not allow herself to be photographed or interviewed until 2004 , at the onset of her first book tour ."
south korea revised the election law last august to allow foreigners voting rights .
"then i meet dan beck , ski instructor extraordinaire , who has been here for more than 30 years ."
"that s the sort of question seldom raised about late night talk tv , whose hosts keep the audience content with variations on a durable formula , night after night , gag after gag , guest after guest ."
"he is a very fertile stud tiger , one of the finer tigers here , said david chen , director of the suzhou reserve , which is home to 14 of the striped cats ."
"but oil industry analyst phil flynn says , those profits are about average in terms of return on an investment ."
"at a house agricultural subcommittee hearing in washington , d . c . , today , members of various organizations came together to share their concerns about what they have been calling the colony collapse disorder , or ccd ."
cnn obtained the video from a source who asked to remain unidentified because they were not authorized to distribute it publicly .
pentagon officials said at a news conference tuesday that gates would call for the review in addition to a full investigation into how the shipment to taiwan from a defense logistics agency warehouse happened 18 months ago .
"raindance film festival describes itself as too contemporary for most established stars , and cultivates a reputation for discovering new talent ."
zvonareva became increasingly frustrated and collapsed to the ground when the american broke in the final set to go 3 1 up .
flying with the flu ?
essentially doing the bare minimum required by their contracts in an attempt to slow the work process and pressure management to pay attention to their grievances .
"during his two hour stay in the military compound , he met with the 3 , 700 korean soldiers over breakfast and praised their efforts for peace and rehabilitation in the war torn middle eastern country ."
another person in the country close to the case claims that madonna will be in malawi this weekend and a court could hear her adoption case as soon as monday .
the fbi says it will protect all this personal data and only collect information on criminals and those seeking sensitive jobs .
"but friday s european super cup against ac milan could still go ahead , uefa said ."
"the mccain campaign says all the tailored new clothes the republican party bought for sarah palin after she joined the ticket , will go to a charitable purpose after the campaign ."
is putting on a name tag effective ?
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
don t drink coffee or tea on an airplane
"in london , the ftse 100 closed down 2 . 28 percent , or 130 . 8 points , while paris cac closed down 4 . 25 percent and frankfurt s dax down 4 . 88 percent ."
"government has great responsibilities for public safety and public health , for civil rights and common schools ."
"during her 23 days in jail , she said she meditated , read letters from fans , talked to other inmates through the vents , wrote in her journal and read the bible , though she couldn t cite a favorite passage when asked ."
"a nato airstrike destroyed a compound housing a taliban leader responsible for a wave of violence across southern afghanistan , killing the commander and at least 10 other suspected militants , the western alliance said ."
somewhere there s at least 88 people dead and about 150 seriously wounded .
sit toward the front of the airplane
who will be the next un secretary general ?
lin s new mother decided to flee to thailand in search of a better life . she found a garbage dump instead .
"lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party gnp is championing his so called 747 vision 7 percent growth , 40 , 000 per capita income and becoming the seventh largest industrialized country ."
"but milan , the last team to beat united at home in european competition two years ago , equalised when brazilian kaka fired an angled left foot shot past edwin van der sar after 22 minutes ."
she said at a hastily arranged news conference that senior party aides told her president gen . pervez musharraf might impose emergency measures if the supreme court found that his recent election win was unconstitutional . a ruling is expected later this week .
"irish prime minister bertie ahern , blair s partner in steering the northern ireland peace process for the past decade , told irish state radio on wednesday that blair had told him he had already agreed to the role ."
"under pressure from some to withdraw from the race , clinton insists that west virginina , where only 28 delegates are at stake , is a key state in the fight for the white house ."
"at the american museum of natural history , paleontologists have unveiled a nearly complete fossilized skeleton of a primate that lived 47 million years ago ."
the iraqi interim government now has legal custody of the man who once ruled the country .
"no specific date has been set yet , but host nation china will inform the participating countries today when the talks are to resume , song min soon , south korea s chief delegate to the talks , told a news briefing ."
"with forecasters predicting that hurricane force winds will continue until later in the week , thousands more homes could be at risk ."
flying with the flu ?
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
north korea now has 60 days to shut down its yongbyon nuclear complex and readmit nuclear inspectors .
many of them i didn t know . krall applies her mellow voice and piano playing to the lighthearted you couldn t be cuter .
"though the foreign troops say they do everything they can to avoid civilian casualties , an estimated 135 civilians have been killed this year by u . s . or nato military action , according to an associated press count based on numbers from u . s . , afghan and u . n . officials ."
"the tribes along the pipelines have been aware of and have helped facilitate smuggling activities , he said ."
"seoul , south korea ap the internet has spawned a new type of journalism in highly wired south korea an increasingly popular web site where doctors , students and even housekeepers work as citizen reporters ."
"they stripped her naked , bound her hands and legs , stuffed a cloth in her mouth , tied her to a log and set her on fire , kauba said ."
"closing of the agreement between mayfair and sapardis is subject to antitrust clearance , puma said ."
"it is outrageous , he added , according to an excerpt from the interview that were posted on antena 3 s web site ."
"in yorba linda , we had 70 residences that were damaged or destroyed ."
they also could determine whether the fight between sens .
yoichiro nambu of the university of chicago will take half the prize for the discovery of the mechanism of spontaneous broken symmetry in subatomic physics .
many russians believe he has led the country out of the poverty and uncertainty of the 1990s and is responsible for the current national economic boom .
those states have a combined 31 delegates up for grabs .
both stars made more apologies to sachs today and yesterday .
the phoenix mars lander won t be looking for evidence of life on mars but rather traces of organic compounds in the baked and moistened samples .
"bhumibol has been hospitalized since oct . 13 after feeling what was described as weakness on the right side of his body , and tests found he was getting inadequate blood supply to the brain , the palace said ."
trials of serbs in serbia have only become possible since the 2000 ouster of president slobodan milosevic .
she said she was disappointed that all but one member of the government refused to sign .
"instead , crown prince maha vajiralongkorn took his father s seat inside a shaded pavilion at the center of the main barge , as thousands of onlookers crowded the river banks to glimpse the boats ."
"european officials joined the ioc in urging beijing to end the violence and engage in dialogue , but also said politics should not intrude on the spirit of the games ."
we put a real premium on schedule .
"the senator from illinois also said he would be the best candidate to beat sen . john mccain of arizona , the emerging front runner in the gop presidential race , because of his early opposition to the iraq war ."
"in hong kong , 650 americans , from states such as utah , florida and california , recently flooded the consulate to complete federal write in absentee ballots ."
supporters say the idea of calling in gay having gays and lesbians not report to work yesterday to show the strength of their numbers didn t work out so well
"hours later , turkish forces struck back , killing 34 pkk rebels in the border region , according to turkey s military ."
"in a recent case , the seoul district court the same one deciding chung s case ordered a three year suspended jail term and a fine for park yong sung , former chairman of the doosan group , for embezzling from the conglomerate ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"when she was rescued from the charred soyuz vehicle on the kazahkstan steppe , yi looked so exhausted that she was not able to walk by herself ."
"james joseph cialella , 29 , was charged with attempted murder , aggravated assault and weapons violations , a police report said ."
"the tamil tiger rebel group has claimed responsibility for the saturday bombing of two fuel installations that prompted heavy security , a two hour blackout in sri lanka s capital , colombo , and disrupted activity at its airport ."
"investigators suspect someone used falsified papers to remove the stone from the secured vault in california , although no criminal charges have been filed , grubb said ."
"on monday , abdullah told the bbc that saudi arabia had sent warnings to british authorities before the london subway bombings that killed 52 people the city s bloodiest day since world war ii ."
"a los angeles times study showed that more americans went to the cinema this year than at any time since 1959 , with escapism from recession and the threat of terrorism proving a major boon to the box office ."
the bottle had been contaminated with a toxic chemical called diethylene glycol .
"the oic has 57 member states over four continents and claims on its web site to be the second largest inter governmental organization , after the united nations ."
"the korea times reported that describing the anti communist law as an old relic under the past dictatorial governments , roh cited the need to revise the current criminal law to prevent possible loopholes in national security following the envisaged abolition ."
"i didn t sleep a wink last night , but i m not tired . after a night of anxiety and drama , the bbc s alan johnston is finally free ."
"the prosecution plans to request an arrest warrant for byeon yang kyoon , former minister of planning and budget and a former cheong wa dae secretary , on charges of abusing power to allocate government subsidies to several buddhist temples ."
sunday s fighting came as iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki demanded al sadr disband his mehdi army and threatened to bar al sadr s followers from the political process if the cleric refused .
"the vows were squeezed in between the 7 p . m . and 10 p . m . shows of hans klok s the beauty of magic at planet hollywood resort , casino spokeswoman amy sadowsky said ."
president bush has always relied on solid republican support for his iraq policy .
army women divorce at a rate of 8 . 5 compared to 2 . 9 for men .
doctors and students doing cpr maintain close to the ideal number of chest compressions while listening to the song .
he said the arming of the militia groups needed to end and that the us would be looking for results .
"25 , 000 50 , 000 by deception and making an untrue statement to procure a passport , a spokeswoman for the court told cnn ."
the announcement came just hours after he stood down as uk prime minister and shortly before it was announced he was to quit as a member of parliament .
"wapenaar is an artist with over 20 years professional experience , but the inspiration for creating tents stretches right back to his childhood ."
"i don t know how many babies i have put there , maybe thousands , said kishore , pointing to the dirt blackened , still waters of the yamuna , which flows through east delhi , soaking up the city s sewage and effluents , most of it untreated ."
the severed left foot was taken to the coroner .
the ruling is expected to serve as the guideline for lower courts in dealing with around 300 other similar cases of conscientious objectors .
"often called america s oldest teenager because of his youthful appearance and dedication to rock music , clark suffered the stroke earlier this week ."
"rafael nadal pulled out of the season ending masters cup in shanghai on monday , citing fatigue after a long season and the need to prepare for the davis cup final ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"in what is considered a cynical move aimed at positioning himself to run for prime minister , thailand s military dictator , general sonthi boonyaratglin resigned as head of the so called council for national security ."
cranley has served nearly 150 days in custody .
u . s . stocks slumped thursday as the treasury considered buying stakes in struggling banks .
"davos , switzerland cnn pakistan s president pervez musharraf lashed out thursday at what he called western intellectual arrogance toward his country , angrily dismissing claims that rising unpopularity has undermined his authority ."
"argentine star nalbandian ended the 2007 season by claiming the masters series events in madrid and paris , beating roger federer and rafael nadal in the process , and was tipped to be a major contender at melbourne park ."
"the temblors damaged homes and buildings , but caused no serious injuries ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"massoud barzani , the leader of the autonomous kurdish region in northern iraq , also strongly opposes a turkish incursion and has threatened to confront turkish soldiers if they enter northern iraq ."
"the president is in good health , bush spokesman tony snow said . there is no reason for alarm ."
"she has this one arm that is sort of gray that can lift objects and move up and down , said professor charles kemp , director of the center for healthcare robotics at georgia tech in atlanta ."
"base extension in pyeongtaek do not cooperate , the prosecution will seek arrest warrants , the prosecution source added ."
north korea shut down yongbyon last summer under an agreement with the united states and four other nations in the nuclear disarmament negotiations .
"the vatican has urged all catholics to stop donating money to amnesty international , accusing the human rights group of promoting abortion ."
"the alaska governor said in an interview with cnn s wolf blitzer that she would be willing to help if obama asked her for assistance on some of the issues she highlighted during this year s campaign , such as energy or services for special needs children ."
"we now verified that all five nuclear facilities has been shut down and that appropriate measures have been put in place including sealing some of these facilities , international atomic energy agency chief mohamed elbaradei told reporters in kuala lumpur , malaysia ."
"zimbabwe is grappling with hyperinflation now officially estimated at 231 million percent , and its currency is fast losing its value ."
he said it affected production of only 200 cars and that work at the plant would resume monday .
"box office forecasters had figured the movie would premiere in the ballpark of tarantino s two kill bill movies and rodriguez s sin city , whose opening weekends ranged from 22 million to 29 million ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
protesters were also heard shouting anti cnn slogans .
he s learnt the lessons he had to learn and now we hope the court takes a lenient view .
"targets for privatization include the korea expressway corp . , incheon international airport corp . , the korea airports corp . , korea housing guarantee , korea district heating , korea appraisal board , and power plant subsidiaries of korea electric power corp ."
"i didn t notice the initial quake and was woken up by my parents , and we ran out of our home , said a woman in her 20s who lives in ning er county and refused to give her name when reached by phone ."
"in further bad news for the us economy on wednesday , orders for durable goods , which include everything from washing machines to commercial jets , fell by a bigger than expected 4 . 9 ."
"bp discovered the leak around 1 45 a . m . tuesday , beaudo said ."
"government ministers and provincial premiers were among about 1 , 500 people at the funeral at the michaelhouse school chapel in kwazulu natal ."
kim said the actual figure was much higher due to underreporting by students and schools .
the fingerprints and photos will be checked for matches on terrorist watch lists and files on foreigners with criminal records in japan .
"former prime minister goh kun yesterday launched a civic organization to reform broken politics , in a move widely seen to prop up his bid for the presidency ."
stone noted that bush has earned a historically low approval rating
"the clashes had spread across six towns by monday night , they said ."
"two pairs have already been sent to the 33 , 000 hectare 81 , 540 acre laohu valley reserve in south africa s free state province since september 2003"
the first set was a close one with both men broken before federer earned a second break when nadal sent a long lob over the head of the swiss and out of play .
the rules would also ban smoking at national parks and on mountain trails and in many other outdoor public places .
flying with the flu ?
"after watching a video replay of the ugly scenes , spalletti added these people are sick ."
"evolution provided slight differences from men in women s lower backs and hip joints , allowing them to adjust their center of gravity , new research shows ."
"the pirbright site is home to merial animal health and the government run institute for animal health , which both use that strain of the foot and mouth virus for research and to develop vaccines ."
the new survey indicates john mccain is the clear favorite in texas for the republican presidential nomination .
we re not seeing 10 to 20 percent shrinkage .
zeckhausen urged the moms gathered in the kitchen to eliminate what she called negative body talk .
"in a police confession broadcast on ntv television shortly after his arrest last year , pichushkin bragged about what he said was his passion for killing ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"other works in the new exhibition include pickled creatures , a flying dove suspended in mid air , a flayed human statue holding its own skin and a series of pictures of an operation being carried out ."
the documents were turned in to the london based newspaper .
"iraqi authorities are questioning three cafeteria workers and several security officers , said hassan al sineid , prime minister nuri al maliki s adviser ."
we ve got low barriers to entry and incredible competitors .
almost everything recorded by the beatles from their early days in liverpool and hamburg to their break up in 1970 has been released to meet insatiable public appetite for anything to do with the legendary liverpool quartet .
ill health has forced him to delegate easter ceremonies to his cardinals for the first time in his long papacy .
it appears to be heartbreak hotel for lisa marie presley and nicolas cage less than four months after the hollywood couple tied the knot .
"the group bought 500 , 000 of airtime for the 60 second ad to air in the battleground states of wisconsin , ohio and west virginia ."
it was skimming across the sky towards the turbines .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"angry over the suicide bombing , supporters of bhutto s pakistan people s party threw stones and burned tires in parts of the city ."
"the london stock exchange is to buy its italian counterpart for 1 . 6 billion 2 . 15 billion , a statement from the two confirmed on saturday , the latest step in a global consolidation of exchanges ."
"the u . s . ships received a threatening radio transmission indicating the boats were closing in on them and the u . s . ships would explode , said vice adm . kevin cosgriff , commander of the bahrain based u . s . 5th fleet ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"since most of miley s fans aren t even old enough for their own green training bras yet , the emergence of the racy images calls into question the viability of an entertainment empire balanced on the delicate , developing shoulders of an adolescent girl ."
"airlines canceled 120 flights at portland international airport on monday , cnn affiliate katu tv reported ."
"initially , clapton planned to sit down for a series of interviews about his life , leaving a collaborator to handle the tweaking and organization ."
"the number of converter boxes that is going to be required could put tremendous pressure on us to solve all those problems in a short time , said anderson ."
she even apologized for president bush s lackluster response regarding hurricane katrina .
we have staged a wonderful battle .
"eardrum ruptures are considered the most common ear injury in lightning strike victims , occurring in 5 percent to 50 percent of patients , according to various estimates whether or not an electronic device is involved ."
fink then set about creating a pen shaped fiber optic tool that could allow surgeons to easily manipulate the laser and bend it to reach almost any tissue in the body .
"on monday he handed power temporarily to his brother raul , to recover from his treatment for internal bleeding ."
"the gaza rally began sunday , the anniversary of arafat s death , and ended monday ."
"but at a new spa that opened at caesars palace , there is a treatment room where it snows all year long ."
"in addition to cameroon , wolfe has teams in the democratic republic of congo , china , malaysia , madagascar and laos ."
"north korea s july 2006 missile launches and october 9 nuclear test chilled what had been improving ties between the two koreas , which remain technically at war more than half a century after their 1950 53 conflict ."
"stickk . com , founded by yale university economics professor dean karlan and two colleagues , helps people fulfill their goals by allowing them to risk their own money"
toni braxton won t return to the stage on the las vegas strip until at least next month .
"the martyr was not able to reach his target . . . and detonated his belt amid bouteflika s security cordon , the statement said ."
"hamas militants killed at least 11 members of the rival fatah faction wednesday after setting off explosives in a tunnel beneath a security compound in southern gaza , palestinian security sources said ."
"president barack obama meets in the white house this afternoon with the leaders of two troubled countries , first separately and then together with the presidents of pakistan and afghanistan ."
"nasa administrator michael griffin recently told lawmakers that china s ambitious space program could feasibly beat the united states in the race back to the moon , although he and outside experts say there s no indication yet that china is on that path ."
the problems have slowed yahoo s revenue growth even as spending on online ads accelerates .
australia s the sydney morning herald says
"as we head into the final week of the presidential campaign , democrat barack obama in what he calls his final argument , compares republican john mccain to little more than a clone of president bush ."
"romanization is a method to represent words of a language , which has a different writing system , with the roman latin alphabet ."
the leaders agreed to talk with militants .
"he was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said ."
"the monday afternoon quake s epicenter was in the county of wenchuan , sichuan province , about 1 , 500 km 960 miles southwest of beijing ."
the government s goal of boosting organ donation is a good one .
"obama on sunday spoke with voters in the rural southeast ohio town of nelsonville . he credited green jobs with helping reduce dependence on foreign countries for oil , but said such towns face difficult economic times ."
"more than 100 people are dead , and some 200 injured in kenya , after an overturned gasoline tanker exploded ."
"that this emergency has dictated are only and exclusively to benefit and protect the well being of colombians , who incurred this in a practice that we should abolish that is the belief that fast riches should be an element of our society , valencia said in a televised statement ."
"united nations cnn iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad has canceled a planned visit to the united nations , and tehran s u . n . ambassador , javad zarif , on friday blamed a delay in u . s . visas being issued to the crew of his airplane ."
"papers endorsing john mccain include the arizona republic , which says mccain would be a leader in the tradition of harry truman , with what it calls a noble willingness to stand up and stand alone ."
"but musharraf , influenced in part by u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , held off on the move . on sunday musharraf addressed what he considers three dimensions of the problem ."
obama followed his years as a community organizer and lawyer with a successful bid for the illinois state senate .
"sony s organic thin film transistor , which is required to make flexible displays , and organic electroluminescent display ."
the writers group unveiled his bloom county strip in 1980
"a segment of the mandible was removed , and two operations to replace that segment were both unsuccessful , leading to unanticipated bleeding ."
the rest of the casualties were the result of bombings in baghdad .
"gault was a business associate of the girl s family , and she may have considered him a friend , blatter said . there s a question as to what her relationship was with this 40 year old to start with ."
"korea alliance , but asked korea to pay more to support the u . s . troops here ."
"all 30 of the carmaker s plants will close after the last shift on friday , and employees will not be asked to return to work before jan . 19 ."
"ivanko said the protesters also threw rocks , molotov cocktails , and firecrackers at police . nato troops responded with tear gas , ivanko said ."
"if you truly did hate your last boss , i would be prepared to articulate why your last organization and relationship was not right for you , says greg moran , director of industry sales and partnerships for talent technology corp . then be prepared to explain what type of organization is right for you and what type of management style you best respond to ."
the ukrainian company accused gazprom of deliberately failing to meet its obligations to the european union .
"five of those were sex education programs , two were community service programs that included discussion session , and one was an intensive program combining sex education , health care and tutoring ."
"part of me wants to shake up people s perception of me , just shove me in a blender , radcliffe said in a recent interview with newsweek magazine ."
two new york lawmakers also told cnn on tuesday that during a conference call clinton expressed willingness to serve as obama s running mate in november .
"torture methods included beatings , water torture , electric shock and sleep deprivation , it said ."
"like all chairmen of the ppp , i will stand as the symbol of the federation . the party s long and historic struggle for democracy will continue with renewed vigor , and i stand committed to the stability of the federation ."
the eu assembly has no legal powers over the matter and can only make recommendations .
"brisbane , australia cnn a golf course in tropical australia has a new water hazard"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"it added , idf forces operated in an immediate and determined manner , thus thwarting the planned terrorist attack ."
"as played by paul giamatti in fred claus , santa tries to keep the ho ho ho in his voice despite a weight problem and a centuries old case of sibling rivalry involving his black sheep brother vince vaughn ."
"the festival was created to cater to the homosexual and transgender community , with most films addressing some of the issues faced by them ."
"it is the latest mission by the u . s . space agency to seek a deeper understanding of earth s next door neighbor in the solar system , including whether mars has ever harbored life ."
"project scientists have detailed more than 3 billion dna building blocks of the mammoth , according to a study published in thursday s journal nature ."
"but it will be large , said dasang , 22 , during a phone interview in which he said he was near the bridge . i heard from tibetans that now live all over the u . s . and even abroad who are coming here ."
even 500 won makes a difference for them now .
the british broadcasting corporation bbc suspended one of its best known stars while another resigned wednesday for broadcasting a series of gross and abusive telephone calls .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
and these largely unpleasant buildings should not be treated as a joke .
"glen hansard , from the irish rock band the frames , plays a dublin busker vacuum repairman who is befriended by an insistent eastern european immigrant marketa irglova ."
opposition parties and civic groups demonstrated against alleged fraudulent activity in the electoral process and demanded an overhaul of malaysia s electoral commission ahead of general elections widely expected for early next year .
the attacks and their targeting of the united nations drew international condemnation .
the long run in 1979 was the eagles last album featuring all new studio material .
"nevertheless , he adds , most of the problems seen in the study were related to the surgery itself ."
"the german automaker retained a 19 . 9 percent interest in the new company , chrysler llc ."
flying with the flu ?
police said about 100 uniformed and plainclothes officers were at the scene ahead of the rally when the bomb went off about 11 45 a . m . pakistan time 6 45 a . m . gmt .
an iranian official slammed what he called ridiculous and false claims from u . s . officials about the arrest of a foreign citizen in iraq and his relation with iran .
"but his rival chung dong yung of the united new democratic party undp has criticized this calling it a symbol of what he calls jungle capitalism devoted to just 20 percent of the population , the so called robber barons of society ."
"cw has reaper , the humor tinged tale of a 20 something slacker who discovers that his parents sold him out to the devil and he s now gainfully employed as satan s bounty hunter ."
"the video also refers to the annapolis conference , indicating it was produced after last november 27 , when the conference was held ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"until now , lobbying activities have not been officially recognized nor recorded ."
pace told the victims families that their loved ones will always be remembered .
"we started out with over 20 people at the gate when we opened up the doors at 6 a . m . , election official chris tatem said ."
the 42 year old canadian country superstar and 59 year old lange married in 1993 and have a 6 year old son named eja .
"in america , the pile of discarded machines would weigh about 220 million tons , says the u . s ."
the world s largest telescope is so precious that you don t want to waste a second .
"the tour is dead , read the headline in liberation as the french newspaper said it would no longer publish the daily stage results ahead of sunday s finish in paris ."
representatives from such industry umbrella groups as the korea automobile manufacturers association kama and the korea display industry association kdia said it is imperative that local companies be allowed to export goods without paying import duties if a free trade agreement fta is reached .
"these are things that will not be openly discussed . . . we can comment when the investigation is complete , home secretary shivraj patil said at a news conference in hyderabad ."
the declining interest payments led to the imf s budget gap .
"in beichuan , parents of middle school students waited , hoping recovery teams would pull their children alive from the rubble of a middle school but search teams thursday could only recover bodies ."
"we are now ready to talk with the united states if they recognize us and treat us as an equal partner , he said . the problem is the united states wants to subjugate us ."
why should he choose another country ?
this is the first time a un envoy has visited burma in more than two years .
but on other topics such as steps for disposing of the dead and cutting off an astronaut s medical care if he or she cannot survive the document merely says these are issues for which nasa needs a policy .
much of the gas that western europe buys from russia comes in pipelines that cross ukraine .
"north korea s impoverished economy has suffered from energy shortages for years , and rising oil prices have made the situation worse ."
"my own country , the united states , is principally responsible for obstructing progress here in bali . we all know that , he said . but my country is not the only that can take steps to ensure that we move forward in bali with progress and with hope ."
he had never been to film school and had never been taught to use a camera .
"president hamid karzai was warned of a weekend assassination plot against him , afghanistan s intelligence chief said tuesday , acknowledging that failings by the security services allowed militants to launch the attack ."
"pressed on why the new position is being created now , after more than five years of war in afghanistan and four years in iraq , the official acknowledged that implementation and execution is as important as policy development ."
brazilian newspapers on wednesday ran front page photos of adriana almeida wearing a t shirt and wraparound designer sunglasses being escorted to jail from a hotel in a luxury seaside community near rio de janeiro .
"the city of americus lost its fleet of ambulances when the tornado hit at the sumter regional medical center just before 10 p . m . et , said buzz weiss of the georgia emergency management agency ."
"british forces withdrew from musa qala in october after the truce , which turned over security to local leaders and prevented nato forces from entering the town ."
the streets may be named for a past generation s luminaries like bob hope and frank sinatra the kids are bound to ask who they are and the place may be a haven for golf playing retirees there are 115 courses here but there is plenty here for 21st century families whatever your budget and interest .
north korean defector on espionage is accused of collecting information on south korea .
want to attract boycotters ?
"musharraf said sharif was told by an unidentified friend of pakistan to abide by the agreement of not returning to the country before the end of ten years of his exile , the associated press of pakistan apa reported ."
now we re much more interested in core technologies and partnerships that give us equal relations with u . s . companies .
the government dispatched medical teams on rubber rafts into the worst hit districts to prevent outbreaks of disease among residents without clean drinking water .
"iraq and other security issues are expected to dominate cheney s visit and talks with prime minister john howard , who is under increasing political pressure to set an exit strategy for australia s 1 , 400 troops in and around iraq ."
"days later , chinese officials temporarily banned lee der from exporting products ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"tokyo has not been hit by a major quake since 1923 , when 140 , 000 people died in the great kanto earthquake ."
the government immediately took over 60 branches of a company called dmg and shuttered its doors .
we must now set clear targets to reverse this trend . the iucn study also showed that 5 percent of the mammals currently listed as facing possible extinction are showing signs of recovery in the wild .
the swiss based wrestling body opened its own investigation and published their verdicts on thursday .
the church said it would ask president roh moo hyun to veto the bill and would take the matter to the constitutional court if he did not .
"these are known as blimps and are commonly used for promotional activities , for filming sporting events and by law enforcement agencies for surveillance ."
"former president bill clinton said in february if his wife wins ohio and texas , she ll go on to win the nomination ."
the taliban earlier said south korean and taliban representatives began face to face meetings friday night to negotiate the release of the hostages .
"the surplus ammonia was never needed , and the tank itself had exceeded its life expectancy ."
germany play turkey in the first semifinal in basle the previous night .
"attendants , wearing moss logo t shirts , handed out color coded armbands to hundreds of the faithful in a line that looped around the store s corner ."
"to get the full discount , a family should have an aggregate total of 30 years of uninterrupted subscription ."
"the winners will be announced on july 7 in lisbon , portugal ."
"the military alliance between south korea and the united states has shown signs of friction in recent months , affected by a series of developments between the two allies ."
that wouldn t be a decision of the uci to do that .
"t mobile s decision to end its involvement in professional cycling is a challenge for the sport and our team , said team chief stapleton ."
local media say the registration will boost lee myung bak s chances for grabbing the presidency because presidential candidates are immune from detention and questioning in most cases during the official campaigning period .
"tokyo was known as edo until 1868 , but it s hard to imagine that this high rise , high tech metropolis could possibly have existed in a time before electricity and concrete ."
"roh called the north s nuclear test a foolish act , but renewed his strong commitment to joint inter korean projects ."
"however , ceos from state controlled lenders , including korea development bank and the industrial bank of korea , as well as leaders with backgrounds in government , were not invited ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"clinton turned her attention to texas , which holds its primary on march 4 ."
villarosa spoke to reporters last friday during a visit to bangkok in neighboring thailand .
korea and singapore sealed a free trade agreement .
"once the bus approached an airport toll booth and their attempts at negotiations failed , police shot the man , the xinhua news agency said ."
"earlier thursday , germany s federal statistical office said that economic output contracted by 0 . 5 percent in the july september period compared with the previous quarter ."
"former spice girl melanie brown has given birth to a daughter in california , her publicist said tuesday ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the workers are thought to be more than 1 . 3 miles 2 kilometers underground at harmony gold s elandsrand mine in carletonville , according to lesiba seshoka , a spokesman for south africa s national union of mineworkers ."
flying with the flu ?
the local gannan authorities told xinhua that conditions had now returned to normal .
men who did brisk walking at a moderate pace of at least 3 mph for at least a half hour daily were 18 percent less likely to develop heart disease than those who did not .
"the anti thaksin people s alliance for democracy , which in the past has staged numerous demonstrations denouncing his rule , told cnn on tuesday that it did not have any plans to protest on thursday ."
"at a joint news conference , olmert praised germany s friendship it is one of israel s strongest allies in europe and its second biggest trading partner , after the u . s ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"we are very concerned , said white house spokesman gordon johndroe . we call on the iranian regime to comply with its obligations to the iaea international atomic energy agency and u . n . security council ."
gadiesh suggests using an internal compass .
"gilles was hitting much better from behind the baseline , but i got a lot of free points from my serve ."
"in an overall positive assessment of beijing s preparations , an ioc inspection team said air quality was a leading concern and it was monitoring the situation ."
"his death , in the town of beit lahiya , sparked a series of factional clashes ."
nuclear experts say that the plant s destroyed central water cooling tower would take a year or longer to rebuild if north korea were to try using the plant again .
"attorney debra opri , who represents smith s former boyfriend larry birkhead , said after a closed hearing that she wants the dna to determine if stern is the baby s father ."
"from juneau , you can approach mendenhall glacier by kayak or canoe through alaska travel adventures ."
"lahore , pakistan cnn the united states has urged pakistan s president pervez musharraf to sever his links with the military and reinstate civilian rule ."
"democrat barack obama is in henderson , nevada , one of three states for him today ."
the father is 32 year old model gabriel aubry . the two met while shooting a versace ad in los angeles two years ago .
"he was , in short , quite a human being ."
"earlier , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon made that appeal , saying the vote runoff as currently scheduled would only deepen divisions within the country and produce a result that could not be seen as credible ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the deal , coming after much larger settlements for the bombings of two u . s . and french airliners , does not cover american victims , including two soldiers who died in the blast at the la belle disco on april 5th , 1986 ."
"tsvangirai led mugabe in the march 29 election , but failed to win enough votes to avoid a runoff ."
"eric broderick , at the substance abuse and mental health services administration , says this is a good time for parents to learn more about the dangers of inhalants"
the men were arrested monday night and heard the charges against them tuesday in federal court .
"crichton died unexpectedly tuesday after a courageous and private battle against cancer , the release said ."
"random fame has been a really good foot in the door , he said ."
"thousands of french police were expected to protect the olympic torch relay monday as it departs from the eiffel tower and crisscrosses paris amid threat of protests , news services reported ."
living in a cage in hong kong
south korea faces a daunting task of redefining military ties with the united states as washington seeks to expand the role of u . s .
"and there was ibm , saddled with 405 , 000 loyal workers and a sacrosanct no layoffs policy , watching in anger and bewilderment as its new , more nimble competitors ran rings around it ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"this is a big opportunity , rinku singh says of his new job ."
"meantime , the white house has ordered federal agencies to halt any pending bush regulations so they can be reviewed ."
foreign minister ban ki moon said on monday the south korean troops to be deployed in iraq will not be engaged in any offensive operations even if the security situation in iraq further deteriorates in the future .
nin was never fazed by the gusty wind and bad weather .
"chinese officials told the state run media sunday that they successfully thwarted two terrorist attacks , including one targeting the summer olympic games ."
"earlier , israel warned civilians north east of lebanon s litani river to leave their homes"
flying with the flu ?
"one of the challenges that new york has always had is having enough rooms for tourists , said sean hennessey , ceo of industry consulting firm lodging investment advisors ."
"she serves on the energy and commerce , natural resources , and energy independence and global warming committees ."
"you re seeing a continuation of the recent momentum , said chris johnson , ceo of johnson research group ."
"the dead man s mother , zofia cisowski , told cbc news that tasers should not be used by police ."
"russian president vladimir putin on thursday called on the united states to set a date for withdrawal from iraq , saying the u . s . military campaign had become a pointless battle against the iraqi people ."
abe did not explain further .
"the archaeologists uncovered the objects in 2005 at a site called zaraysk , which was discovered in 1980 ."
"a broker helped more than 100 chinese nationals get fake high school diplomas , then register and pay for college classes they never took , the seoul immigration office said yesterday ."
madoff s lawyers had indicated earlier they planned to claim ruth madoff was entitled to keep as much as 69 million in assets .
"the region , including parts of vietnam and five other countries , is home to 1 , 068 species found between 1997 and 2007 , according to a world wildlife fund report released this week ."
"comfy shoes help , too ."
one of the architects of the bush administration s war on terror and the development of the detention center is former vice president dick cheney .
"the militants say they will start killing a busload of south korean hostages , also captured thursday , if their country does not withdraw its troops from afghanistan ."
"saudi arabia or qatar , their councils are just veneer ."
"the bill may allow law enforcement authorities to excessively intervene in family affairs , resulting in family collapse or obstructing the recovery of conjugal relations , the kba said in the statement ."
a world bank official warned china s spectacular growth would also be hit and japan s prime minister taro aso suggested the u . s . s 700 billion banking bailout was not enough .
the claim could not be verified .
somalia s u . n . backed transitional government has said it would welcome international assistance in battling the pirates .
"by the mid 1980s , when ibm finally abandoned its full employment stance and started downsizing , it wasn t just fighting to retain its position as king of the hill"
"i have authorised our military commanders in iraq to confront tehran s murderous activities , he threatened ."
"he adds national security is , above everything else , his top priority ."
"gul , who denies any islamist agenda , has already signaled he wants to run again ."
"rail services to and from the airport were suspended as a safety precaution , however the crash did not affect other flights at the airport , van der cruysse said ."
"mike stone said in a telephone interview with the associated press on friday that he had been under the impression that the hog was wild , not farm raised ."
"what matters is that children are being raised in a stable , loving environment ."
"however , a senior u . s . official said some officials had expected ahmadinejad to announce in his speech sunday that iran had put those centrifuges in place ."
the seoul central district court on tuesday sentenced korean born german scholar song du yul to seven years in prison for violating the national security law .
findings from that research is expected in about 12 months .
"meanwhile , the number of americans filing new claims for unemployment last week topped forecasts predicting 476 , 000 ."
the process was not free of problems .
sports daily marca said madrid were set to sign their sixth dutch international despite huntelaar still recovering from a torn left ankle ligament that looks to have ended his season .
"both us and japanese officials are working to prevent a similar outpouring of anger , analysts say ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"but palestinian legislator saeb erakat , an abbas ally , earlier had told cnn that gaza is now officially out of our control as the palestinian authority ."
flying with the flu ?
the russell 2000 charts small cap index jumped 2 . 9 percent .
"lillo brancato jr . , an actor who appeared in the sopranos , was acquitted of the 2005 killing an off duty new york city police officer but found guilty of attempted burglary ."
"the suicide tourist shows ewert lying in a rented zurich apartment , where an employee of the clinic prepares a lethal dose of drugs for ewert to drink ."
living in a cage in hong kong
don t count andy key as one of those elvis presley fanatics who insist the king never died .
"unable to afford basic supplies , communities in central africa are increasingly turning to the forests for food ."
the tigers say they never planned to .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"less than 18 hours later , the sentences were carried out amid international condemnation ."
it was driven by a double digit surge in exports and investment in factories and other fixed assets despite repeated interest rate hikes .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"interpol , the international police agency that issued a worldwide appeal for information in the case last week , said the suspect had been working as an english teacher in south korea and flew from seoul to bangkok last thursday ."
"a strong defense of the decision to close down the prison at guantanamo bay , and sharp criticism of the interrogation tactics used by the bush administration"
"a third of clinton voters said they would pick mccain over obama , while 17 percent said they would not vote at all ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"myanmar s military junta has acknowledge 10 deaths during the demonstrations and crackdown , but there are reports that hundreds ."
"army soldiers were constructing sand bag levees to try and hold back the flooded hunter river , which had swollen into a wide , brown swirling torrent of water heading down the valley ."
"collins didn t immediately name the person killed in the strike , but mohammad wali , a musa qala resident , said the airstrike killed a taliban leader named mullah abdul gafoor and some of his associates while they were riding in a truck through a small village just outside musa qala ."
that is our journey .
living in a cage in hong kong
and drawing more tourists will mean more money for the communist nation s impoverished economy .
"but the study said 188 mammals are critically endangered , including the iberian lynx , which has at most 143 adults remaining ."
"so far , though , she hasn t succeeded in bringing such a cat to term ."
"startup weekend is more of a time commitment than a big expense , he said ."
"wongsawat made the declaration after his cabinet , meeting in the northern city of chiang mai , agreed to the measure , said government spokesman nattawut saikua"
"the tampa bay rays held off the defending champions boston red sox 3 1 sunday night behind matt garza s masterful pitching in game 7 of the al championship series , earning a date with the philadelphia phillies ."
"we came on a bus trip down here , and we booked the bus before obama had won the election , because we were so sure that he would ."
"christopher lloyd picked through the charred remnants of his montecito , california , home monday morning , resigning himself to the fact it cannot be rebuilt ."
"discovered by a woman who was walking a trail , the baldwin acrosonic piano , model number 987 , is intact and , apparently , in tune ."
the issue of whether foreign investment in the united states is harmful or helpful is still unresolved .
the post said the united states told its asian allies that pyeongyang had exported nuclear material directly to libya .
petacchi has dominated sprint finishes in recent years and wanted to win his third stage of this year s giro in lido di camaiore but he was edged into third in a mass sprint finish behind napolitano and australia s robbie mcewen .
spokeswoman katrin srumsdorf said the museum planned to send wowereit an official response on tuesday .
"the battle involved two five storey buildings known as the shahal compound that shared a parking lot . the third floor of one of the buildings was blackened by fire , and bullet holes riddled the walls ."
kim jong il s north korea may lack freedom and success in economic and political fields but on the football field north koreans are leading a small revolution in perceptions of the nation .
"we never did anything to anybody , how could this happen to us in america ?"
so williams who got a bit of attention for her accident with wasabi which wound up on the walls of the space station may have to wait a little longer to go to her favorite sushi restaurant in houston .
"baghdad , iraq cnn a key sunni sheik who united with u . s . forces to fight al qaeda militants in iraq was assassinated thursday by a roadside bomb , officials said ."
"but about 5 , 000 participants at the rally hoisted flags of the korean federation of trade unions , the korean peasants league and the korean street vendors confederation , all members of the anti trade alliance ."
spanish media says the madrid train bombers had other deadly attacks planned .
draft likely to be reduced
"khawaja mohammad siddiqi , the district governor of qara bagh , said the executed hostage had been very ill and could not be moved to hospital ."
the parliament s speaker twice counted heads in the chamber sunday but each time announced it was just eight members short of the needed 367 for a quorum .
"north korea did not give a date for its test , which was announced on state tv , but said it would boost security in the face of us military hostility ."
police officer amjad khan told the associated press the blast hit a platoon of 43 frontier constabulary troops in a truck near the police district headquarters .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"but the fish we do know about , we are particular keen on catching to eat ."
myanmar s military government began allowing aid agencies into the country thursday to respond to the dire needs of those who survived the killer storm but is still being criticized for acting too slow .
the malawi news newspaper reported that the minister accused kilembe of obtaining an air ticket and money from madonna without government approval .
about a hundred lakes dot its highlands and plains .
"in a statement , al fayed called butler sloss decision to step down a shameful and unnecessary interruption ."
"two giant pandas arrived in taiwan tuesday after leaving china s sichuan province for their new home , in a sign of improving ties between the cross strait neighbors ."
"in asia japan s nikkei closed 454 . 09 down at 11788 , losing 3 . 7 percent , while the hang seng fell 1 , 152 . 5 to 21085 , a fall of 5 . 18 per cent ."
"the protests came amid further unrest and looting , which has prompted tens of thousands of residents to flee ."
"the un general assembly has voted overwhelmingly to create a new human rights organization for the world body , despite united states criticism ."
"as hong kong wraps up a hotly contested legislative campaign , china s presence looms large among charges it marred the contest with dirty tricks while at the same time trying to woo voters with a charm offensive ."
inspectors from the united nation s nuclear watchdog arrived in seoul .
los angeles police sparked a surprising sight when they led away real life versions of cuddly sesame street muppet elmo and cartoon hero mr incredible .
the government announced a set of long term measures to tackle rising oil prices after an energy conservation committee presided over by prime minister lee hae chan .
"authorities also consider the rosa fire in san diego county , which burned more than 400 acres before being fully contained , an arson ."
"the site dates from the upper paleolithic period , which began about 40 , 000 years ago and lasted until roughly 10 , 000 years ago ."
draft likely to be reduced
"objective is now to bring back the yellow jersey to paris , said the rabobank rider ."
roh insists a peaceful resolution of n . k nuclear program .
"the us wars in iraq and afghanistan are costing nearly double the amount previously thought , according to a report by democrats in the us congress ."
"the grim record came despite lower death rates in recent months , which were not enough to offset death tolls that topped 100 during three months in the spring ."
"but , 70 years on , could the hindenburg style airship be experiencing a renaissance ?"
he made plain the south korean government is closely monitoring whether a japanese local government would establish a takeshima day on wednesday next week .
the union backed party clinched 10 seats and is now represented in parliament for the first time .
"on a range of issues , including counter terrorism , regional emergencies and arms control ."
g 20 leaders said they would meet again by the end of april to review the progress on the initiatives announced saturday .
"two employees were able to get out safely , but the fire , which began monday night , quickly spread through the sofa super store , causing part of the building to collapse ."
her mother made the same journey 50 years ago as one of nine black students integrating the previously all white school . i always want people to realize that this is their history too .
"the nine skydivers aboard the plane regularly participated in jumps with skydive snohomish in snohomish , washington , said elaine harvey , a spokeswoman for the company ."
kids under the age of four should not be given over the counter cough and cold medicine .
"the rocket adorned with a malaysian flag and coat of arms and carrying a soyuz tma 11 spacecraft was moved monday to the launch pad from its assembly site at the baikonur cosmodrome , which russia rents from kazakhstan ."
it was not clear whether the paper was a draft or a finished research product .
"assistant district attorney jason samuels recommended three years behind bars for the theft charge and one year for the drug charge , to be served concurrently ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
plans for another film were grounded in 2005 when carter sued fox over syndication profits for the show . the lawsuit was later settled .
tokyo s nikkei index was down 1 . 02 percent and seoul s kospi index dipped 1 . 08 percent .
"but palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas said in a written statement , the palestinian authority condemns any attack on innocent civilians ."
the relay received warmer receptions over the weekend in argentina and tanzania .
the number of dead and injured could rise as officials venture to the more remote areas and rural and indigenous communities of chile s desert .
"for one thing , the task force , which meets this morning , hasn t been able to even agree on what amount of time constitutes a lengthy delay ."
that prompted the british military to withdraw the prince for security reasons four weeks before the end of his 14 week deployment .
"fbi agents arrested blagojevich on december 9 after federal prosecutors alleged , among other things , that he had tried to sell obama s former senate seat ."
"that figure would far exceed the 15 percent to 30 percent that usually turn out for a primary , he said ."
"he was the best as a chief , as a leader . he lifted the country out of the ruins , said natalya vekshina , 64 , who took her grandson to a separate exhibit , across town , focusing on stalin s cult of personality the propaganda that portrayed him simultaneously as a god and a good guy ."
"despite lingering questions about the case , the fate of samar saed abdullah remains the gallows ."
"to test the theory , friederike range and colleagues at the university of vienna in austria asked 33 trained dogs to extend a paw to a human ."
"straight talk express , straight talk local is more like it , john mccain is stopping everywhere this election eve ."
chong wa dae insisted that the parties and their presidential candidates should show more sincerity and responsibility so people can believe that the constitution will be revised by the next government without fail .
gm said it needs 4 billion before the end of the year .
"the germans moved above valencia on goal difference , having been beaten 1 0 by the spaniards in the opening match ."
"15 , when the two koreas hold joint celebrations to honor their independence day ."
"the winger joined up with the portuguese national squad , who are preparing for euro 2008 , shortly after united beat chelsea on penalties to win the champions league ."
"france has not revealed details of the defense deal , but islam told le monde it was groundbreaking ."
"police , some with sniffer dogs , had to force back the hundreds who milled around the edges hoping to get a glance of the festivities , watched by chinese leaders and international olympic committee president jacques rogge ."
which is what makes henry as staffers at blackpool sea life centre in northwest england have dubbed their find so unique .
"stressing that the incumbent administration has been successful in narrowing the gap , he said the policy for balanced regional development could be stopped after his term ends next february ."
the goal was to pick the first citizen passenger and promote the space program .
pakistani cabinet minister sheikh rashid confirmed that musharraf has agreed to step down as army chief .
"we will confront weapons of mass destruction , so that a new century is spared new horrors ."
"also included are other documents from u . s . presidents , including pages from george washington s diary and correspondence from thomas jefferson and john adams a rare document signed by both meriwether lewis and william clark"
"the prints and paintings have a combined value of 1 million brazilian reals 612 , 000 , the statement said ."
the economy has dominated the last leg of the campaign trail as the two candidates have tried to convince voters that they are the best candidate to handle the financial crisis .
"kinnear was installed as a caretaker manager while ashley sought prospective buyers , with a price tag of around 600 million ."
a 72 year old former boeing engineer is accused of giving china details about the space shuttle and other aerospace programs .
fashions change .
"creating transplant tissue that in theory could be used to treat diseases like diabetes , parkinson s , and spinal cord injury ."
such hospitalizations are common among failed political or business leaders in the country .
"residents of the threatened areas include dick van dyke , mel gibson , and olivia newton john ."
"at around 2 . 30am , officers attended a disturbance at a licensed premises on bold street , southport ."
the militants are said to be inspired by al qaeda .
"three years after succeeding pope john paul ii , benedict is likely to address the sex scandal within the catholic church , the church s relationship with other faiths , the u . s . led war in iraq and the upcoming u . s . presidential election , said john allen , a cnn vatican analyst ."
"the governor also often weighed the option of appointing himself to the senate seat , saying he was stuck at governor and might have access to more resources as a senator than as a governor , the affidavit says ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"at the time of the operation , pavarotti had been preparing to resume his farewell tour ."
abbas adviser tayeb abdel rahim said hamas was attempting a military coup .
"howard , who led the country for 11 years and celebrated his friendship with president bush , told the newspaper that the decision to send australian troops to iraq in 2003 was very , very , very hard ."
"meeting gadiesh , you first notice her skirt"
"hezbollah was harshly criticized by lebanon s top muslim spiritual leader , who said it was using the demonstrations as a political opportunity ."
there is an unwritten rule among party leaders that they retire when they approach the age of 70 .
"the agreement was reached in september after six party talks involving north korea , the united states , china , south korea , japan and russia . at a february 13 meeting , a set of initial actions were agreed upon , including freeing the macau funding ."
"suddenly there was a big bang , and flames came out of the plane , mohan adhikari , general manager of the katmandu airport , told the associated press ."
"cnn lies to venezuela , he said , adding that he worries that journalism is being used to present political propaganda under the guise of news , in a systematic manner ."
"last fall , pollack played marty bach opposite clooney in michael clayton , a drama that examines the life of a fixer for lawyers ."
"the offer is good at any one of the chain s 322 hotels in the united kingdom , the web site says . the couples must bring proof of identity and must prove that they are in a long term relationship ."
"sk telecom co . president kim , there is no logic in blocking tv programming from satellite based dmb ."
"the internet of the future will be suffused with software , information , data archives , and populated with devices , appliances , and people who are interacting with and through this rich fabric ."
"today , president barack obama begins his mission to bring change to the country"
"in japan and the united states , officials attached little significance to the test firing either ."
he said his group just wants the industry to operate more responsibly .
"the tocopilla hospital was itself damaged in the quake , and authorities were considering relocating patients to other hospitals in the area , the government said ."
"jacobs died january 29 of natural causes at a redding hospital , his daughter , nancy jacobs , told the associated press ."
"then butchers at this japanese fishing village went to work , turning a motorized winch to haul the beast ashore ."
jewel thieves caught with 4m ruby
"foreign minister ban ki moon s remarks are seen as a further step over the controversy about the future status and role of the u . s . forces korea usfk , stationed here for more than half a century to deter any aggression from north korea after the 1950 53 korean war ."
the new system is expected to replace most analog broadcasting within six years .
"she has also appeared in such films as on golden pond , nine to five , julia , fun with dick and jane , barbarella , barefoot in the park , cat ballou and they shoot horses , don t they ?"
"two helicopters and a ship had been dispatched to help , the spokesman said ."
"but despite having difficulty standing and being ordered not to swim by his doctor , strel insisted on night swimming to finish the course ."
a committee spokesman said we will work with relevant departments to respond to the practice of reselling tickets for profit .
"the taliban are demanding germany withdraw its 3 , 000 troops from afghanistan , something berlin has"
"other , smaller protests are also being held throughout the nation ."
the two foreign ministers met at the sidelines of the international palestinian donors conference .
the visit will be a follow up to the trip made by a tri national team of nuclear engineers last month .
. the u . s . consulate could not immediately confirm that .
"under seoul tax laws , companies incorporated for more than five years pay lower registration taxes on properties they acquire in the city ."
"the provisional agreement was made during south korean trade minister kim hyun chong s visit to washington , the official said ."
.
sen . barack obama took the lead in the race for superdelegates on the eve of a contest that s expected to fall easily into sen . hillary clinton s column .
who played a spanish waiter in john cleese s 1970s tv comedy fawlty towers
"74 , a 5 05 a . m . departure from pusan for seoul , promptly left the pusan station , making korea the fifth nation in the world to have a high speed railroad system , following france , germany , japan and spain ."
"my friends are very happy , pailin jampapong , a 41 year old bangkok housekeeper , told the associated press as she jumped up and down ."
the animals performed the trick virtually all of the time whether they were given a reward or not when alone or with another dog .
"frank jordan stayed out of trouble , he says , because friends and neighbors saw a family in need and they helped because it was the right thing to do ."
development of the ip tracking system turned out to be true .
"president george bush and russian president vladimir putin agreed thursday at the g8 summit in germany to cooperate on missile defense systems , apparently cooling tensions between the two leaders ."
"most of pichushkin s victims were killed in bittsa park , and the serial killer became known as the bittsa maniac ."
the thriller is told from the point of view of five young new yorkers using their handheld camera .
"a new study finds that 54 percent of teens talk about behaviors such as sex , alcohol use , and violence on the social networking giant myspace"
"the diego boats had been identified during retroactive testing on items that had been set aside after august s recalls , according mattel spokesperson lisa marie bongiovanni ."
"the difference is the ways and means in which we can overcome these threats , putin told reporters after a one on one meeting with bush ."
"it will be wednesday or thursday before authorities know whether their emergency operation is successful , a commander said ."
but don t over do it the day after .
"they say the cuts , with conditions attached , will be announced by the president in a major tv address ."
"the people told authorities that they had been visiting new york city for a week . at some point , two of the three both men ran off ."
both have been involved in breakthroughs in screening for hiv and efforts to develop a vaccine against the virus .
newman won an oscar for his leading role in 1986 s the color of money .
price increases have helped shore up revenue as traffic in u . s . stores flattened and then declined last quarter for the first time since the company went public in 1992 .
"i heard some gun shots like from two blocks away , and we turned back around , and they was layin out on the ground ."
"on the option of nuclear arms , which some powerful japanese politicians have debated since north korea s test , i would like to express concerns , ban said in a news conference in tokyo ."
but what about men with stomachs the size of babies or bigger ?
the prosecution will indict a television news reporter who broke the story on the illegal tapping operations of spy agencies in former governments for violating the communication privacy law .
"the united states and spain share concerns on many fronts , but spain is going its own way in its relations with cuba , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice says ."
"the 2000 hole was the largest ever recorded at about 28 million square km , roughly three times the size of the united states ."
"the bbc reports north korea has tested a number of missiles in quick succession , one of which was a long range weapon which failed seconds into flight ."
"it would give the public a 36 stake in citi , dilute the value of current shares , and cancel dividends ."
a woman who fainted was carried over the mob to receive medical help .
"those who have overstayed their visa by less than a year and hold an f 1 4 visa or an e 9 visa , will be allowed to switch to the new h 2 visa . for most ethnic koreans from the regions , two visas have been issued one year f 1 4 visa , which requires an invitation by korean relatives , or the e 9 visa , a special work permit for nonprofessional jobs ."
"monitoring equipment confirmed an eruption , but authorities do not know whether it has produced a column of smoke or spilled lava , marta cavache , an official with the colombian institute of geology and mining , told the radio station ."
"i can actually , on a regular basis , save 60 to 70 at the grocery store ."
president tarja halonen called the attack shocking and tragic .
"if i needed something done , i could go to him and it would get done ."
egypt protested angrily to israel on thursday and demanded a full explanation for what it called irresponsible israeli conduct after an israeli tank crew killed three egyptian policemen at the egyptian gaza border .
the british thought that because of the suffering here there would be a coup .
"the government wants to create a program for indvidual retirement accounts and allow civil servants to form labor unions as early as next year , the labor ministry announced yesterday after meeting with the ruling uri party ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
phone maker lg said the cell would have been rigorously tested and was only sold in korea but it could not comment further because of the police probe .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"there s a similar economy at work in this is england , the fifth feature from shane meadows ."
"it is essential that we work together because we re in this crisis together , bush said at camp david , maryland , with french president nicolas sarkozy and european union president jose manuel barroso ."
"two years ago , the first press screening of the da vinci code drew open laughter from cannes critics , whose harsh reviews spoiled the film s premiere a day later and set the stage for a worldwide critical drubbing ."
al maliki also addressed his government s position toward militias and troop levels in his country .
"a private funeral planned for today for actress natasha richardson , in the new york hudson valley town where she married actor liam neeson and raised their two sons ."
these quick trips have traditionally been to restaurants or local factories where obama often meets with workers during shift changes .
"and the store did not say why al fayed was questioned , other than he attended an interview with police to categorically refute an allegation widely reported in the media ."
the korea times reports the constitutional court on monday started reviewing the special law on capital relocation immediately after a group filed a petition questioning the constitutionality of the law .
"a spokesman for the bureau of alcohol , tobacco , firearms and explosives told cnn that some of its agents were already on the scene to assist ."
copyright 2006 the associated press all rights reserved this material may not be published . rewritten or redistributed .
spacecraft blasts off to probe edge of solar system
it seems completely counterintuitive raise the gasoline tax to help american commuters .
"a group of armed men attacked as many as 300 migrant construction workers who were striking over unpaid wages , communist chinese media reports ."
there are nearly 1 million teen pregnancies each year .
"the beads are meant to be coated in a non toxic glue , but a batch in australia was found to be covered with a substance that did not match the approved formula ."
former chief justice iftikhar chaudhry and several other of the sacked justices remain under house arrest .
as well as what it regards as military secrets in its declaration .
"beijing , china ap stuck in a crowd of about 200 other tourists , zhong jian and her friends waited for an hour to buy tickets for a boat cruise down the scenic li river before giving up . their problem"
"when reinforcements pulled in , another guard died in the clash , which took place in the kani khal area , 160 miles northeast of baghdad ."
"myspace , which is owned by rupert murdoch s news corp . , will also accept independent monitoring and changes the structure of its site ."
"people will sleep in peace , kuchma said during a ceremony to commemorate the shutdown ."
"there was arthur lee on the stage , wearing these boots , not laced , the tongues of the boots hanging out , with prismatic eyeglasses ."
"a postcard featuring a color drawing of santa claus and a young girl was mailed in 1914 , but its journey was slower than christmas ."
"thanks for everything , scott and endeavour crew , station resident clay anderson said to shuttle commander scott kelly . godspeed ."
obama s father died in a car accident in nairobi in 1982 .
"while hubble has been a scientific workhorse since its launch in 1990 , it has been down due to technical problems before ."
the u . s . navy was planning to begin distribution as early as
"nbc s chuck , in which a computer geek s brain mysteriously downloads government secrets , also goes for laughs ."
and for the third time this season .
"it s really one of the best images i ve seen in a long , long time , said helen selsdon , an archivist at the american federation for the blind , where keller worked for more than 40 years ."
"the national birthrate fell to an all time low , with one korean woman expected to give birth to only one child through her life ."
ex illness has curtailed her sporting activities .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"gm sold 208 , 243 sierras in 2007 ."
"widespread ridicule from scholars , it drew more than 4 million viewers when it aired on the discovery channel on march 4 ."
"the union had earlier predicted that around 40 , 000 of its members would join the protest march ."
the biggest move in its near 10 year history .
the korea times reports oh s is the first death of a south korean troop since they were deployed there in 2004 .
"when he missed three subsequent scheduled calls over the next six hours , they called the coast guard , read said ."
the rest of the prisoners were rounded up
"some flights from taipei and kaohsiung , the two biggest cities in taiwan , were either postponed or cancelled ."
"we look at this as a learning moment , said peter neufeld , a co founder of the innocence project and one of miller s lawyers . what went wrong ? we have to get the answer for the future or there ll be too many jerry millers ."
a couple of children begged strangers for money .
"but a spokesman for tawfiq tirawi , the head of palestinian security services in the west bank , told cnn the men were still in custody and being interrogated ."
"although exposure to the amoeba is usually fatal , sherin says a cocktail of drugs can fight the amoeba if administered in time . the key , he says , is identifying the amoeba early ."
"the bat coat sold for 3 , 300 , the skull sneakers brought in 2 , 625 and a pair of the rocker s trademark round glasses went for 5 , 250 ."
"the only member of prime minister john howard s center right government to sign the letter was barnaby joyce , a maverick senator from the junior coalition partner , the nationals party , his office confirmed friday ."
"straight from when i started playing for england i never dreamed i d get 100 caps , and hopefully beyond ."
police say the couple lives close to the fitness center where the boy turned up monday afternoon .
"we don t have children and don t plan to have children , she says , so they are our children ."
it was the first time that the won has fallen against the greenback since the end of 2003 when the won dropped 0 . 5 percent year on year against the dollar .
daniel craig and the pain of being james bond
"the slimmer majority could make it harder for the government to carry out crucial economic and educational reforms , including overhauling greece s fractured and debt ridden pension system . thank you for your trust ."
"but when the sun comes out to stay locals say it comes around the fourth of july and stays till around halloween portland blossoms and easily assumes its sweet scented moniker , the city of roses ."
"at least 30 people died in the crackdown , according to a u . n . estimate ."
"blanchett , who won a best supporting actress oscar in 2004 for the aviator , starred in last year s notes on a scandal and babel ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
old trafford chief ferguson also reminded his superstars that he will not hesitate to sell any player who believes he is bigger than the premier league club . ferguson has taken a hard line with players throughout his career and his latest comments come after the december 17 players party ended in allegations of rape .
"protesters surrounded the parliament building on monday , forcing lawmakers to postpone their session ."
"working , it seems , is a bit of a chore in bimbo world ."
the lawyer erica kim said a box weighing more than 10 kilograms contains concrete evidence that the former seoul mayor played a role in a stock manipulation and money laundering case masterminded by her brother in 2001 .
a new tool that allows doctors to use laser surgery in complex operations has been hailed as a breakthrough in minimally invasive laser technology .
historical dramas about romance and bloody coups at the ancient royal court are a tv staple .
"cnn the risk of being jolted by 1 , 500 volts of electricity hasn t scared them off . neither have fears of falling off the speeding electric trains ."
"scientists at nasa , along with a dedicated team of their designers , programmers and researchers , have put together one of the most stimulating , most thorough climate tracking sites you ll find anywhere on the web ."
the ap s karen russo reports from chicago
"asked about the toll , mccain responded with a personal story of one soldier s heroism ."
the labyrinth of narrow streets lives in nearly perpetual shadow as 500 year old buildings lean in until they almost meet .
"stimulant drugs , like ritalin , adderall and concerta , help children with adhd to stay focused and control their behavior ."
children do not grow as well because they do not breathe as well .
"if current trends persist , it should surpass gm next year to become the world s largest automaker by revenue ."
"i looked at my wife as we were watching tv and seeing the debates and saying , we need to have our voice heard this time ."
"meanwhile , russia evacuated 366 workers from iraq on the first day of a withdrawal called after the abductions of eight russian and ukrainian workers ."
flying with the flu ?
"camera also told deetz on july 23 outside the lisa kline boutique in beverly hills , i have unfinished business with you , the statement alleged ."
"putin , who spent the past eight years as russian president , could be taking a great deal of power with him to the premiership ."
tristan albatrosses are one of 22 species of albatross in the world .
"the sevilla defender apologized after the match , calling his actions incredibly stupid ."
"we do not talk to the taliban he said . if there are any talks with the taliban , these talks must be led by the government of afghanistan ."
those who lie about the behaviors to show off may receive positive feedback from others
"shares in elite companies such as petrochina , which already trade in hong kong and new york , tend to soar in their trading debuts given the strong appetite among chinese investors for highly valued companies ."
"about 50 demonstrators shouted and waved banners as a line of green trucks carried the equipment through the gates of the base , about 40 km 25 miles from central tokyo , before dawn on friday ."
"the law rules and who is on my side in respecting the law and the government s will be an ally and a partner and who rebels against the law and the government s will , will be a foe ."
"requirements for entry into the program include electronic passports , a sustained visa refusal rate of less than 3 percent , and a close cooperation mechanism between respective security agencies ."
"failing repatriation , the lawmakers request hicks be immediately put to trial before a properly constituted u . s . criminal court ."
"she is coping very well , lead surgeon dr . sharan patil said ."
"nicolas sarkozy has vowed to get tough on crime and immigration , cut unemployment and liberalize the french economy ."
"brodsky reasons that if he can do something to keep sudanese women in the camps , this would decrease the likelihood of violence ."
nearly a million dollars and millions of acres of land have been paid out .
you have to meet somebody and talk to him and see if you have confidence and trust each other and see if there is a sense that you can go forward .
the fit between the human brain protein and the bovine prion is not very good .
"the high temperature in memphis was 101 on saturday , according to the national weather service , and sunday s high could reach 102 , despite earlier forecasts that weekend temperatures would dip slightly ."
you can even get a box for one .
"roy keane has resigned after two years in charge of sunderland , the premier league club announced on thursday ."
"it caught fire after hitting an airport fence as it was trying to land at the airport , the country s civil aviation authority said ."
the phillies are headed to the world series after last night s win over the dodgers to claim the national league pennant .
"other tv winners included richard shepard for comedy directing on the pilot episode of ugly betty , jon cassar for drama directing for an episode of 24 , and chicago filmmaker rob marshall for musical variety directing for tony bennett"
"in a field adjacent to the next church , stands the langdysse tingstedet a 6 , 000 year old dolmen ."
"what this means is that the whole adoption process may crumble and david sent back to his village , he told reuters ."
"rounding up a lot of the usual suspects , the cannes film festival presents a lineup from an illustrious if somewhat predictable gang of regulars , including clint eastwood , steven soderbergh , woody allen , atom egoyan and wim wenders ."
the high costs are expected to stir controversy over heavy financial burden on the south korean government .
"the gift of a free night s stay is to make up for the hotel industry not having any rooms left on christmas eve over 2000 years ago when the original mary and joseph had to settle for the night in a stable , the company says on its web site ."
"however , it faces a bumpy ride in the next few days as its backers try to push it through before friday , when the senate will break for a week long recess ."
bush announces 250b bailout
"cardinals wide receiver , larry fitzgerald , says he s not too concerned about the steelers top ranked defense"
"they have argued that such efforts divert attention from retailers who sell cigarettes to minors , which they view as the real source of the problem ."
"the dow jones index staged its biggest election day rally ever , rising 305 . 45 points , or 3 . 3 percent , to close at 9 , 625 . 28 ."
"petros garibyan , the lead investigator in the case , said the murder was political and may have parallels to the 2004 killing of paul klebnikov , the u . s . born editor of forbes magazine s russian edition ."
"clark , who has also resigned as head of the labor party , will remain in parliament ."
she said she could not comment on the timing or extent of such investments .
an air ambulance took the agents to a hospital .
"since china and taiwan split in 1949 amid a civil war , beijing has claimed that taiwan is a renegade province and should not have diplomatic ties with other countries ."
"he did not specifically mention homosexuality in his speech , but his meaning was clear , and gay rights activists criticized the remarks ."
usain bolt came out so fast and i had to work hard to catch him . i should be thankful to him to make this such a fast race .
the couple got married in 1989 and have a son together .
it is the same old broad conspiracy theory that never made any sense and still is not supported by any hard evidence .
"to scientists surprise , the geomagnetic storm powering the auroras raced 400 miles in a minute across the sky ."
"they came saturday and asked me how am i and i said , it s awful , it s very , very cold and i m not well , he told wwlp channel 22 ."
cholera is a bacterial ailment that affects the intestinal tract and is usually contracted by consuming contaminated water .
"the landing dubbed the seven minutes of terror was a nerve wracking experience for mission managers , who have witnessed the failure of similar missions ."
"who defines primary health care as being universally accessible to individuals and families in the community by means acceptable to them , through their full participation and at a cost that the community and country can afford ."
"however , success in japan is one thing , and taking on manchester united is a completely different challenge ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
kumar said the two officials who issued the tickets have been suspended .
professor yosef garfinkel of the hebrew university of jerusalem says the inscribed pottery shard was found during excavations of a fortress from the 10th century bc .
"stockholm , sweden cnn u . s . citizens mario r . capecchi and oliver smithies and sir martin j . evans of britain won the 2007 nobel prize in medicine on monday for groundbreaking discoveries that led to a technique for manipulating mouse genes ."
england has a two tier dental care system with some dentists offering publicly subsidized treatment through the national health service and others performing more expensive private work .
the figures also showed that smaller hospitals and clinics overused antibiotics more than general hospitals and large hospitals affiliated with universities .
"the government told the national assembly yesterday it will move 10 major state run organizations including korea electric power corporation and korea land corporation to provincial cities not in the metropolitan and south chungcheong regions , and excluding daejeon and jeju ."
"villagers complained about lack of government help and suggested the official death toll estimates were far lower than the reality they see , according to cnn s cal perry who arrived there tuesday ."
"in addition , climate researchers are doing forecasts of the pacific ocean phenomenon known as el ni ntilde"
living in a cage in hong kong
"rome s colosseum , china s great wall , peru s machu picchu , india s taj mahal and jordan s petra have been among the leaders since january while the acropolis and the statue of christ redeemer made their way up from the middle of the field to the top level , according to latest tallies ."
"restoration of the edifice began in 2004 , and it will open to the public beginning saturday , october 20th ."
"the rooms surround a courtyard guarded by pedro , a parrot with a penchant for giving besitos little kisses to female guests 011 51 7325 8198 , from 10 ."
the bva poll also showed the centrist candidate francois bayrou slipping a few points to 15 .
protests mark china envoy s taiwan trip
"for decades , people have come to visit the beach , which is listed in nudist guides and on web sites ."
"actually , i was doing some good science back there , she later said with a laugh , referring to how she remained in the crew transport vehicle following touchdown ."
the last such ivory auction happened in 1999 .
sarah palin got a big welcome from st .
he was afraid donating organs may be impossible as media reports said he had bullet holes in his body .
"the draconian measures have already proved controversial , with amnesty international labeling the system as discriminatory and a violation of basic human rights ."
officials say there is no evidence of links to international terror networks .
"stallone was not stopped from leaving australia , where he spent the weekend promoting his latest movie , rocky balboa , after officials searched his plane on the tarmac at sydney airport on monday , sydney s the daily telegraph reported , without citing sources ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"so far the animals are faring fine , jason jacobs , director of marketing and public relations for the zoo , told the ap ."
seven of her babies born in texas survived
"obviously , i m not as used to right field , so i need to pay attention to things i m not used to . i haven t had as much opportunity to play in the outfield as i have in the past , but it doesn t affect me because i ve played out there so much in the past , matsui said through an interpreter ."
"coelho took over the team from guus hiddink , a dutch coach , who directed the team s success in reaching the semifinals of the 2002 world cup ."
hill was recently nominated for u . s . assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs and is also washington s top envoy to the six party talks on the north korean nuclear crisis .
such is the polarizing debate over cat declawing .
"nassau , bahamas cnn larry birkhead is the father of anna nicole smith s baby daughter , dannielynn , a bahamian judge ruled tuesday ."
mdc secretary general tendai biti called for longtime president robert mugabe to step down .
"the curriculum would not rely on , but would incorporate lessons about , sexual identity in history and literature classes , officials said . it s about creating another option for kids , edelman said ."
half of the top ten metro areas are in california .
not that many americans know about it .
"it was not clear how long the car , an opel omega with stolen license plates , had been parked on the lot , police said ."
"the bush administration has come under increasing pressure to show signs of progress in iraq ahead of a mid september report by crocker and gen . david petraeus , the u . s . commander in iraq ."
"roddick , who bounced back to form with a superb win at the atp tournament in dubai last week , beating rafael nadal and novak djokovic , says he wants to prepare properly for the u . s open ."
briton tim henman announced has that he intends to retire from tennis after the davis cup world group playoff against croatia next month .
"president roh moo hyun has faced legal and legislative action over his decision to shut down the press rooms , with the opposition party vowing to block the initiator of the idea , the government information agency ."
"under bloomberg s plan , that number will increase to 1 , 000 by october 2008 , then will grow by about 20 percent each year until 2012 , when every yellow cab currently numbering 13 , 000 will be a hybrid ."
"federal prosecutors charged two men with plotting a killing spree against african americans that would have been capped with an attempt to kill sen . barack obama while they wore white tuxedos , federal officials said monday ."
"i think they re unsure about their own regulations to be honest , director stephen pearson said ."
"the departure of kutaragi , an icon among gamers , marks the end of an era at sony corp . that saw the company long dominate the video game industry with its flagship playstation consoles ."
"the body shop has grown into a global phenomenon with nearly 2 , 000 stores in 50 countries and remains independently run despite being owned by l oreal group ."
"the legal representatives of the victims said they are preparing to issue a petition to the constitutional court , claiming that some emergency decrees announced under the yushin constitution , enforced by president park in 1972 , are unconstitutional ."
all aboard reported safe
it s about doing all we can to repay the debt we owe to those men and women who have answered our nation s call by fighting under its flag .
the latest stop on the washington portion of the pope s u . s . tour was an interreligious gathering at the pope john paul ii cultural center .
dark chocolate and baker s chocolate contain higher concentrations of theobromine and are more toxic than similar amounts of milk chocolate .
from the bbc to a japanese station to national news outlets
"the 25 year old williams then turned on the power , taking the second set 6 1 in 30 minutes with a service winner on set point ."
"william , 25 , is second in line to the throne after his father , prince charles ."
"on sunday , he urged his congregation and the university to put the pain of the rampage behind them by returning to classes monday ."
"strange as it may sound , putin said , the united states and russia have even strengthened ties a point that bush was happy to echo ."
reports have been circulating in korean financial markets that lone star had selected citibank as its agent to arrange the sale of korea exchange bank .
a foreign ministry official expected the 52 year old career diplomat would replace current u . s .
"iran said it rejected such efforts to isolate iran among its gulf neighbors , adding that such policies of fooling the people in the region had already fallen flat ."
chavez ordered 10 battalions of troops to the colombian border sunday and closed venezuela s embassy in bogota .
most of the victims died from smoke inhalation or were trampled in a rush to get out of the club .
"atlanta , georgia cnn massage , that art of laying on hands , has been around for a while and has seen some changes through the years ."
"tilley , now 51 , told cnn she was initially embarrassed to pose naked for the artist but they soon grew comfortable in the studio so comfortable , in fact , that she confessed to falling asleep while posing ."
"the beef patty is also a favorite , aylward says ."
changing times
the fabled mines entered popular culture in 1885 with the publication in great britain of the bestselling king solomon s mines by sir h . rider haggard .
"the original had baby jesus , mary and joseph , a few shepherds and three wise men ."
it promises a regular look at who and what she s wearing .
"blair will represent the quartet of middle east mediators the united states , russia , the european union and the united nations ."
"in a rally , newport news he called on supporters to get out the vote"
"they had to drive off road to get to the aircraft , but we were able to extinguish the fire rather quickly ."
"mr . stern is an innocent individual who has never been charged with any crime but finds himself on trial in the media . the nightly television , tabloid and internet trial of mr . stern in the court of public opinion based on sensational lies , speculation , rumor and gossip is over ."
"after interviewing hundreds of children , the charity said it found instances of rape , child prostitution , pornography , indecent sexual assault and trafficking of children for sex ."
with eight minutes left alexander kerzhakov scored sevilla s fourth with his first touch .
"speaking to reporters at the white house , bush said the last of the us troop reinforcements would arrive in baghdad by the middle of june ."
"wellington , new zealand cnn marine scientists surveying a large undersea mountain chain were amazed to find millions of tiny starfish swirling their arms to capture food in the undersea current ."
polanski failed to show up for sentencing and never returned to the united states .
"betancourt could be freed with other hostages later , chavez said ."
"lonelygirl15 , ok go and other youtube sensations will get an opportunity to walk down a virtual red carpet ."
claiborne and ortenberg retired from active management of the company in 1989 .
"it has been a long and difficult year where i managed to obtain great results , both on a professional and on a personal level , he said ."
"u . s . attack helicopter crews in northern baghdad on monday targeted insurgents emplacing a roadside bomb , killing one extremist and wounding five , the military said ."
"he said , now we have released the two women as a gesture of goodwill following demands from the international community and human rights organizations , the afghan government should also now fulfill its responsibility and accept the taliban s demand for the release of their prisoners ."
"i can say with absolute certainty that there was no connection between yan yan s death and knut , said a spokesman ."
"when asked if he thinks there could be chaos at the dnc convention in denver in august , obama said he believed it would be resolved by then ."
yet 20 top pictures typically consume roughly 40 of total box office .
"mccain called obama to congratulate him , obama s campaign said ."
"he said the group will continue to do movies , including one on democratic presidential candidate sen . barack obama . and of course will want to market them ."
"but thorny issues including the u . s . demand for wider access to korea s agriculture and automobile markets , pharmaceutical sector , and korea s demand for wider access to the u . s . textile market have not yet made any progress , raising doubts over the possibility of meeting the deadline ."
the move brings musharraf closer to taking the oath of office for a new term as president .
the apollo 8 astronauts became the first humans to orbit the moon .
the so called oxygen generating mask creates its own oxygen from the carbon dioxide and moisture exhaled by the wearer .
the energy that the artist put was this circular stone trying to pull itself to become unbroken .
"the bullet train , the g 7 , have turned up serious flaws ."
"according to le parisien daily , which commissioned the poll with news channel i tele , 29 percent of respondents said they were most likely to vote for royal on april 22 , up two points from last week , compared with 28 percent for sarkozy , down five points ."
"but a high rank south korean official downplayed the report , saying that he has not heard such n . k . demands from officials of the united states or japan ."
wen was later asked about the anti subversion bill and told journalists it absolutely will not affect the different rights and freedoms that hong kong people including reporters enjoy under the law .
"a western source and local sources said the rebels had been pushed back to about 70 km 44 miles north of the capital of n djamena , after flooding the"
"in corona , we had 16 residences that were damaged and destroyed , and in brea , um , we had a single structure at brea high school ."
ji yai shin of south korea held off karrie webb and an ailing paula creamer to win the adt championship on sunday by one stroke after a final round two under 70 .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"unveiling his report , ocampo told reporters the team had been working from outside of darfur , including a field office in neighboring chad , but had faced serious obstacles . we are now entering a new phase where unconditional cooperation will be essential to complete the investigation and identify those most responsible for crimes committed in darfur ."
"hong kong is the second hardest hit place after mainland china , which has reported some 800 cases and 34 deaths ."
diamond sells for recession busting 24 . 3 m
"food riots have occurred in haiti , egypt and somalia this year ."
"we had a spotter who watched the tornado form and dissipate in 10 minutes , said west plains emergency management coordinator kent edge ."
"the couple would not talk to the newspaper , but the village chief told may titthara that the husband was angry because his wife wouldn t tend to him when he was ill ."
draft likely to be reduced
draft likely to be reduced
"astro s mother abandoned him at ano nuevo island off the san mateo coast in june , prompting biologists to bottle feed the pup ."
"aboard the uss carl vinson ap with war planes lining its deck , a u . s . aircraft carrier anchored off south korea on saturday and showed off its military might while north korea warned that the massing of u . s forces in the region increases the danger of nuclear conflict ."
"one in a small community just east of carthage in jasper county , missouri one in an area of purdy in barry county , missouri ."
"this region has provided an ideal environment to conceal enemy support bases and training sites , as well as plan and launch attacks aimed at terrorizing innocent civilians , both inside and outside the region ."
"the new suit creates the same kind of pressurized environment , simply by wrapping layers of specially patterned nylon and spandex fabric tightly around the body , a method that newman s been working on for seven years ."
he said that he hoped people realized that he was no longer a radical bomb thrower and that he was now firmly in the american mainstream .
"los angeles , california cnn singer britney spears visitation rights with her children were suspended thursday until she complies with court orders in her custody battle with her ex husband kevin federline ."
"the joong ang ilbo reports that in an effort to sidestep a constitutional court ruling halting the transfer of korea s administrative capital , leaders of the governing uri party have backed a proposal by assemblymen from the chungcheong provinces that largely revives the plan to move the national government out of seoul ."
"the president elect is getting set to warn congress and the rest of the country that we need to do a lot more to rescue the economy , and we need to do it now ."
but arirang s upcoming debut in pyongyang marks the first time that a south korean movie has been publicly screened in the north since the 1950 53 korean war .
she gathered eight moms and their daughters on a recent sunday afternoon at the cook s warehouse in atlanta .
"one suspect told an undercover federal agent during a purchase that it was difficult to bring ivory into the united states , but easy to sell it at high prices , the government statement said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the korean society for molecular and cellular biology ksmcb monday announced hwang and prof .
"fossett , 63 , who made millions as a commodities broker in chicago , is the first person to circle the globe solo in a balloon ."
"officials said the new security measures , while inconvenient for visitors , were necessary ."
"the swiss based iucn , founded 60 years ago , has a membership of more than 80 nations and 800 non governmental agencies like environmental groups , and also counts on 11 , 000 volunteer scientists around the globe ."
"lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party gnp is championing his so called 747 vision 7 percent growth , 40 , 000 per capita income and becoming the seventh largest industrialized country ."
"north korea will take part in the six party denuclearization talks in early november as scheduled , the north s korean central news agency kcna reported on monday ."
"the ppp did not gain an overall majority , but claims to have struck a deal to form a coalition government ."
ginger s slight body was later pulled from the sweeper .
joint chiefs chairman mike mullen telling pbs charlie rose the review s almost done .
armento was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in november .
"it had a torso and limbs but no head , and was joined to lakshmi at the pelvis ."
"it eclipses the case of british trader nick leeson , whose losses of more than 1 . 6 billion led to the collapse of barings bank ."
britain s foreign secretary david miliband was due to arrive in islamabad on wednesday from kabul on his first trip abroad since gordon brown succeeded tony blair as prime minister .
"the korean bar association kba has opposed a bill designed to severely punish spouses committing marital rape , claiming that it may accelerate the breakdown of the family if legislated ."
"since the 1997 asian financial crisis , they have spent over 20 billion studying abroad or taking language training courses overseas ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
aid agencies were appealing for millions of dollars friday to help more than 1 million africans affected by deadly floods that have swept across the continent .
former newspaper baron conrad black is in federal prison .
he called his meeting with al maliki very good and praised the prime minister s strong leadership and said he was considering increasing the u . n . s presence in iraq as the situation in the country improved .
"bartz , calling herself a straight shooter , condemned the external forces that have battered yahoo over the past year ."
i think the human race has no future if it doesn t go into space .
"castro received treatment for intestinal problems in 2006 and transferred many powers to his brother , raul , who is generally seen as more pragmatic and has been less inclined to deliver the kind of long winded speeches for which his brother is famous ."
"the original schedule had called for two full days of talks in communist run vietnam , which has good relations with both japan and north korea ."
"bush did not call on the united nations security council to take up the issue , though other lower level u . s . officials have called for such a move ."
"no matter who wins the white house , it seems most voters are prepared to pay more in taxes ."
the next morning he found their bodies .
the third round of negotiations between kidnappers and nigerian government officials ended with no progress .
draft likely to be reduced
burmese authorities confirmed one death on wednesday as police clashed with protesters in rangoon .
suicide attacks by women are becoming more prevalent .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"it sounds like it s not over in india , even though police have rescued at least seven people from one hotel in mumbai where terrorists took hostages after killing more than a hundred people in a co ordinated series of attacks ."
"you have to take that on to give the american people that faith back in their own government . this is their government and we ve got to put it back on their side , she said ."
south korea s joint chiefs of staff confirmed the death of 27 year old army sgt . yoon jang ho who had been stationed in an engineering unit as part of the u . s . led coalition since last september .
"for users who purchase the add on technology , the guitar recognizes pitch ."
"but if everyone had a low sensitivity to social disconnection , no one would stay back , take care of others , and help those in need , even at personal expense ."
"there are currently 145 , 000 us troops in iraq ."
"on monday , rescuers were stranded outside wenchuan because of roads blocked by boulders and rocks ."
"this is a new type of show , contestant naweed sabirpur told cnn . and the people are watching and following it intently ."
and the skiing couldn t be better some 400 inches of snow a year .
"the new importance of venture capital and ipos mean that the new economy , unlike the old economy , is subject to tech booms and tech busts ."
what appear to be three overlapping mammoths only a few centimeters long and carved onto the rib of a mammoth .
"the fortress , measuring 2 . 3 hectares about 5 . 7 acres , is the earliest known fortified city of the biblical period in israel ."
"fujimori then was placed under house arrest in his home in the suburbs of the chilean capital , santiago , while awaiting a supreme court ruling ."
sighs mcdonald s spokesman chuck ebeling
"lose some weight , you do this professionally , he scolds as he tips him over in his chair ."
a study at the university of illinois shows stayin alive has about 103 beats per minute .
the 23 koreans church volunteers 18 women and five men were seized on the main road south from kabul last week .
the report notes the defense department expects to use fewer support troops than in the past .
"the airwaves , especially , can shock strangers ."
"the school would also offer counseling for students , though because of federal laws , officials cannot ask students about their sexual orientation ."
"as years pass by , we often forget about the gifts and the parties ."
the british foreign office said such statements only caused distress to johnston s family and friends .
the los angeles based adult entertainment company said they obtained the sex tape from a memorabilia collector .
"chapel hill , north carolina cnn democratic presidential candidate john edwards said thursday his wife s cancer has returned but his bid for the white house will continue ."
"gaza city cnn twelve palestinians have died in attacks in gaza over the past two days , officials said thursday ."
a missouri mother once accused of using the internet to humiliate a 13 year old neighbor is set to be sentenced in federal court in los angeles today .
doctors said that he collapsed again in the changing rooms and had to be given cardiac resuscitation before being taken to hospital .
"it s like a mirror that you smash on the floor . then , like a jigsaw puzzle , you try to piece the dna back together , schuster said ."
"the lebanese prime minister has called for an immediate ceasefire between israel and hezbollah militants , saying his country has been torn to shreds ."
"five north koreans have fled to south korea in a small fishing boat , avoiding detection along one of the world s most heavily fortified borders ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenyan foreign minister moses wetang ula said hopes were high that former u . n . secretary general kofi annan can start a dialogue to help resolve kenya s political crisis ."
"his chosen successor , russian president vladimir putin , issued a decree declaring wednesday a day of national mourning . putin also called yeltsin s widow to express his condolences , interfax reported ."
trains would whisk cargos at up to 60 mph 260 feet beneath the seabed .
"the nation s analog broadcast system will be converted to digital by the end of 2012 , the broadcasting and communications commission said yesterday in a release ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"meanwhile , atletico madrid have signed an agreement with the local council to move to the la peineta stadium , the centerpiece of the city s bid for the olympic games in 2016 , the primera liga club s president enrique cerezo announced on monday ."
"president bush said he will visit the storm ravaged areas saturday with a heavy heart , according to ap ."
"while hoping for a peaceful solution to the standoff over the north s nuclear ambitions , u . s . ally south korea fears that the tension might escalate into an armed conflict on the volatile peninsula ."
"her publicist , leslie sloane , declined comment to the associated press on thursday when asked for details . sloane had confirmed in december that lohan was attending alcoholics anonymous meetings ."
"some 600 people were taking in a recently released bollywood romance , janan janam ke saath , or together through several lifetimes , the press trust of india news agency reported ."
mccain thanked the president for his support and the work he has done in the oval office .
draft likely to be reduced
project masiluleke was set up to try to encourage people to seek testing and treatment in a country where cell phones are abundant .
"the foreign minister was reportedly not on the plane , the ap reported ."
"former clinton deputy attorney general eric holder is president elect barack obama s choice for the position of attorney general , according to two prominent democrats involved in transition matters ."
the launch of the book is so hotly anticipated that internet retailer amazon . com said it has received more than 1 million advance orders for the book .
"she collects theses for the museum , which is owned by pulmuone co . , a south korean company that makes kimchi and other organic food ."
"the new design is a chance for others to put a tag on their cars with something they believe in , he said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"whether iran proves to be responsible for that attack or not , al maliki said his country cannot be a proxy battleground for washington and tehran ."
"the money was sent between 2002 and 2004 to accounts in peshawar , pakistan ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the thing we most hope to gain by having a cnn presence in second life is to learn about virtual worlds and understand what news is most interesting and valuable to their residents , said susan grant , executive vice president of cnn news services ."
"if our demands are not met by then , we will start killing the rest of the 21 south koreans , ahamadi was quoted as saying by afp , accusing the afghan and south korean governments of insincerity in negotiations ."
"completing a joint , two month examination into lotte world in december , last year , the dongyang structural engineers group and the korea disasters research institute said they found serious problems with four of its attractions a roller coaster , a bumper car arena , a movie theater , and a swimming pool ."
the dow is down 235 points .
"the turkish military responded to these unacceptable attacks and will continue to respond , a military statement said ."
"the expedition will focus on eastern marquette county , said matthew moneymaker of the bigfoot field researchers organization ."
"is thought to be 17th century india , when powdered smallpox scabs were used to inoculate people against the disease ."
government invoked emergency arbitration .
"roberts voiced the wise spider in the 2006 film adaptation of charlotte s web . she ll next be seen in the drama charlie wilson s war , directed by mike nichols , which is scheduled for release later this year ."
the world bank cited the following areas as those in most need of assistance
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"cnn the second in command of al qaeda has said the terrorist group does not kill innocents and that its leader osama bin laden is healthy , according to a transcript of an audio tape released by radical islamist web sites ."
the torch relay began with an aboriginal welcome ceremony and aboriginal youth leader tania major was the first of 80 torchbearers carrying the flame on its 16 km 10 mile journey around the australian capital .
"the travel deficit grew to a record 409 . 0 million in july as more south koreans went abroad over the summer , the bank of korea said in a statement ."
and they aren t likely to quit if their brand is no longer shined in glossy four color .
the second man is being interviewed as a result of the first arrest .
"i can t get them out of my mind , he said as he was escorted from the courtroom to a sheriff s van ."
bush focused on the partnership between the united states and britain in iraq and against terrorism .
"the movie are subject to strict campaign finance laws on political advocacy , or would be considered a constitutionally protected form of commercial speech ."
"these educational support programs for children of conflict are the best way to help them heal , said jolie in a statement from education partnership for children of conflict , which she co chairs ."
"if people s basic needs are left unattended , this will only serve to further destabilize the country ."
"in a statement , brin credits space adventures with helping open the space frontier to private citizens ."
you are working on a game boy version of black
"authorities said the van driver , who also received minor injuries , was at fault ."
"rebelo will replace goncalo amaral , who was taken off the case after he criticized british police for favoring kate and gerry mccann , the girl s parents , who have been named as suspects in the case by portuguese police ."
"microsoft has sold nearly 40 million windows vista licenses in the first 100 days that the latest version of the operating system has been available , chairman bill gates said tuesday ."
"mattel inc . the largest u . s . toy company , recalled millions more chinese made toys on tuesday due to hazards from the magnets and lead paint , and warned it may recall additional products as it steps up testing ."
rubenstein expressed his intention to return the manuscript to the national archives in washington where it had been displayed alongside the declaration of independence and the constitution of the united states .
"the pope and the vatican , however , have worked to forge dialogue and reconciliation with the muslim world , including a visit to turkey by the pope in november 2006 ."
doctors are struggling to contain a cholera outbreak .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"africa s oldest national park , it was formerly known as albert national park ."
"that s a sharp drop from the session high of 139 . 89 , set just before 9 a . m . et ."
"greenpeace said if global warming continues at its current pace , most swiss glaciers will disappear by 2080 ."
"about 10 hours later , jenny masche , 32 , who used artificial insemination , gave birth monday in phoenix by caesarean section , the first successful sextuplet delivery in arizona ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"washington cnn the day after jim johnson resigned from sen . barack obama s vice presidential candidate vetting committee , sen . john mccain set his sights on eric holder , one of the two remaining members of the committee ."
"martin was in a group of nine swimmers when he was bitten across both thighs by what is believed to be a great white shark , according to a statement issued by the san diego county sheriff s department ."
"should dubai oil prices stay in the range of over 37 per barrel , the country s imports will increase by 8 . 83 billion in the coming 12 months , the korea international trade association estimated ."
new york cnn tom hanks is supporting presidential hopeful barack obama .
"flooded missouri river at bismarck , north dakota has dropped two feet since an ice jam was blasted apart yesterday ."
"only about 200 mountain gorillas were estimated to be living in the park at last count , out of an estimated 700 in the world ."
"the united states will help iraq and turkey crack down on kurdish separatists in northern iraq , president bush said monday after meeting with turkey s prime minister recep tayyip erdogan ."
"if he actually does have to go to jail it will cause some problems for hyundai , said yun ."
"he noted that the courts don t work and some media outlets have made deals with the authorities . but there is now , he said , a relatively free press ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"chopped cardboard , softened with an industrial chemical and flavored with fatty pork and powdered seasoning , is a main ingredient in batches of steamed buns sold in one beijing neighborhood , state television said ."
"cheryl katzmarzyk wants to be able to put a name to the remains , and to those of hundreds of other bodies stacked around her in a building in lukavac , near tuzla in the northeast of bosnia ."
"the presidential office immediately refuted the article with an official statement , criticizing the paper for its biased perspective ."
this report really confirms that a lot of the bad news that we ve seen over the last few weeks is accurate .
18 million 36 . 39 million transfer to united from bayern munich .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"if we lost the industry , 4 . 5 million jobs would be infected , it could be a depression ."
"we ve got rita foley back now , with our continuing series , and a couple of smart guys weighing in on the economy"
"but the target for the car industry will only be confirmed after eu officials carefully examine the impact of the new rules , eu environment commissioner stavros dimas told a conference organized by the forum of"
"has not assessed the real age of president elect barack obama , who is 47 , because of lack of medical data ."
"los angeles , california cnn former baywatch star david hasselhoff has been in the hospital to have something removed above his eye , his publicist says ."
he arrived in berlin to pick up a bambi thursday .
the central bank has retained the key rate amid worldwide financial turbulence triggered by u . s . subprime mortgage defaults after raising it by a quarter point in july and august to prevent rising liquidity from triggering inflation and an asset bubble .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the main opposition republican people s party , led by deniz baykal agreed on alliance terms with the democratic left party this week , following pleas for them to unite at the previous demonstrations ."
"in an attempt to jump start the stalled talks on north korea s nuclear weapons program , and perhaps lay the groundwork for another inter korean summit , seoul intends to send a special envoy to the north before the end of the year , high ranking administration officials told the joong ang ilbo yesterday ."
"in the last few months , she s launched what her campaign calls a kitchen sink strategy of negative attacks , which she defends by telling us that this is what the republicans would do . she says that s how the game is played , he told a philadelphia crowd ."
"cadillac records , the story of a rowdy musical revolution and the record label that helped to launch it , begins in 1941 , when muddy waters jeffrey wright is a sharecropper playing slide guitar under the blazing hot mississippi sun ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"transformers , the dreamworks paramount sci fi tale that was the previous weekend s no . 1 movie , slipped to second place with 36 million , lifting its total to 223 million ."
kim said in earlier meetings his government would allow u . n . nuclear inspectors into the country to check whether it is meeting its commitments as soon as the 25 million in north korean funds were released .
scientists have just released images of the brightest stellar explosion recorded .
"after an extraordinary session in london , they also said president pervez musharraf had to step down as army chief and release political detainees ."
"manila , philippines suspected islamic militants with ties to jemaah islamiah are believed to be behind attacks on commuter buses in the southern philippines which killed 10 people , an army spokesman says"
but there is now a widening rift over decisions regarding sanctions on north korea since the united nations security council resolution on july 15 .
"when youssif walked into the new home , he glanced at the plush wall to wall carpet and ordered everyone to take their shoes off . don t get it dirty , he said ."
"it also makes reference to area 51 , part of nellis air force base , where the stealth bomber and aurora spy plane were developed ."
the titans are still the only unbeaten team in the nfl .
she said she was disappointed that all but one member of the government refused to sign .
"more than 200 , 000 people were killed when an earthquake beneath the ocean sent giant waves crashing ashore ."
"she said the accused had sought to target facilities visited by americans , such as nightclubs , pubs or airports ."
"the president himself sought to infuse them with national import . analysts warned that the bid could backfire on the increasingly unpopular president , and that the overall outcome could affect sarkozy s appetite for reforms to the euro zone s no . 2 economy ."
on the road to the post office
"the fuel fabrication facility , the reactor and the reprocessing center , u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
but the iraq war damaged his reputation .
the kenyan government has accused supporters of opposition leader raila odinga of carrying out ethnic cleansing against the kikuyu .
"since pyongyang refused access to international atomic energy agency iaea inspectors almost two years ago , the stalinist enclave has had time to secure enough plutonium for four to six nuclear weapons , said mohamed el baradei , head of the iaea monday in an interview with the new york times ."
"marriage and motherhood aren t in the cards for clarkson not right now , anyway ."
congress agreed to 100bn in further funding on condition us combat troops begin to withdraw this year .
zink also announced that tomy co . would be its partner in japan .
"with the recent flurry of rules to curb mortgage loans and absorb excess liquidity , market watchers are beginning to worry that many debt financed households could become insolvent ."
"newcastle manager sam allardyce took off owen , unable to repeat his england heroics against the basement club , for obafemi martins after 55 minutes as the magpies desperately sought a cutting edge ."
"two years ago , zapeta was ready to return to guatemala , so he carried a duffel bag filled with 59 , 000 all the cash he had scrimped and saved over the years to the fort lauderdale hollywood international airport ."
"the process reminded some people of the planning for the widely feared year 2000 bug , even if the effects of this glitch computer time is an hour off appear way less threatening ."
the u . n . secretary general met with oil minister ali al naimi in the port city of jiddah during a one day trip to the world s largest oil producer .
"meanwhile his brother , maulana abdul aziz , said there are only about 850 inside ."
he doesn t think anything will
"detective work traced the brazilian stone to a las vegas , nevada , warehouse , where the person in possession claimed to be the rightful owner , grubb said ."
"the publication says angelina jolie , who gets more than 15 million a movie , is the highest paid actress ."
"murray said an official announcement would be made at the steelworkers constitutional convention in las vegas , beginning in june ."
"describing it as a blunder , grenada prime minister keith mitchell pledged an investigation into how the royal grenada police band could have prepared the anthem of taiwan instead of china , which has waged an aggressive campaign in the caribbean to woo nations away from relationships with its rival ."
rasmussen holds the tour lead after 11 stages with a two minute 35 seconds advantage over spain s alejandro valverde after brilliant displays on the alpine stages .
"trains across france and the metro paris s subway system are expected to come to a halt starting wednesday night , ricard said ."
"mcfarlane said cho was extremely quiet , and efforts by other students to draw him out were rebuffed ."
the schnabel family left germany when hitler rose to power and became u . s . citizens in 1944 .
diyala military operations command .
another judge will take over in june .
"mccain , out on the streets of manhattan with former new york mayor rudy guiliani who is backing him after dropping out of the republican race last week said he is the republican who can win the white house by gaining the support of independent voters ."
"on october 27th , 1980 , the chun administration mobilized more than 3 , 200 police and soldiers to search 5 , 731 temples nationwide and arrested more than 150 monks , according to the report ."
"it s also true that the manager always has an important role to play . it was a great season for me and for my club , and the coach was important for me because i learned a lot for him , he said ."
"he says it shouldn t disqualify him to head the treasury department , which includes the irs ."
"claudio ranieri s chelsea side lost in february 2004 to arsenal , but the london club hadn t been beaten at home in the premier league since then"
"putin used his last news conference with more than 1 , 300 journalists and lasting almost five hours to highlight differences between russia and the west ."
woods restricted himself to just nine holes again in practice on tuesday and has not even walked a full 18 holes since the final round of the masters at augusta .
but he also urged americans to do more in the fight against global warming and complained that the bush administration had allowed the dollar to plummet against the euro .
"following mbc s on air apology , hwang s top lieutenant said no experiments or tests will be carried out to verify the authenticity of their patient specific stem cells ."
"chung , whose trial began in june , has also been charged with inflicting financial damage on affiliates ."
"but with nani , ryan giggs and paul scholes all quick to offer support to the argentine , there initially seemed little doubt united would have more than enough firepower to overcome a stuttering city ."
"all parties need to have a destination in mind to solve the israeli palestinian conflict , rice said in a joint news conference with palestinian president mahmoud abbas ."
animated cartoons depict americans as sharp toothed wolves .
"once ratified by all 16 nations , an information sharing center will be established in singapore through which member nations hope to consolidate their intelligence and counter measures on piracy ."
the protesters have been angered by disruption of the olympic torch relay in paris and london .
"i categorically reject any allegation that iran has had before , has now and will have such a program because a nuclear weapon is not in our defense decree , soltanieh said ."
a case for mulder and scully ?
"manila , philippines cnn a daycare operator armed with grenades and a gun released more than 30 preschool children and their teachers wednesday after holding them hostage on a bus for more than eight hours ."
colombians deposited their life savings in the schemes after being promised short term returns of as much as 150 percent .
"found only in the yangtze river , it is related to freshwater species found in the mekong , indus , ganges and amazon rivers ."
"a french journalist kidnapped while producing a television documentary about human trafficking in somalia said he is quite okay , and has been allowed to use a mobile phone to talk to his girlfriend in france , according to a short phone interview he gave to a somali journalist ."
"we are overjoyed to see these penguins waddle back to the ocean and have a second chance at life , said veterinarian dr . valeria ruoppolo of the international fund for animal welfare , the group that oversaw the rescue ."
but prime minister yasuo fukuda is not listening to our voices .
matching its lowest ever level .
oxfam and the non governmental organization ngo coordination committee in iraq have issued a briefing paper that says violence in iraq is masking a humanitarian crisis that has worsened since the u . s . led invasion in 2003 .
cbs decision to dump imus came a day after nbc universal decided to cancel his simulcast on msnbc and followed nearly a week of cries for the firing of the radio host .
"but if the conversation becomes difficult or emotionally charged or mentally taxing , it draws more attention and more mental resources away from your primary task , which is driving the car"
"and because of rising global production costs , putin said , prices will only get higher ."
she wanted more blood taken right away with at least one attorney present .
"at the time , he said the six month suspension would allow his militia to be restructured ."
"bush had said he wanted an american to succeed wolfowitz , despite increasing calls from world bank member countries and some u . s . lawmakers to throw the process open to a global pool of candidates ."
"assessment of the death toll in conflict situations is extremely difficult and household survey results have to be interpreted with caution , said study co author mohamed ali , a who statistician quoted in a who news release about the study . however , in the absence of comprehensive death registration and hospital reporting , household surveys are the best we can do ."
panic had swept through stock markets worldwide on fears that key global economies will enter recession .
"those who died were six us security contractors , three bulgarian crew members and two fijian security guards ."
"whoever has a baby monitor knows what you ll usually see , meilinger said . no one would ever expect this ."
chinula said the group was not challenging the adoption and he expected it to be approved next week .
"the 120 yard long bridge spanned the bheri river in the surkhet district , southwest of kathmandu ."
"the bank did not release the figures for its first quarter , but is scheduled to report first half earnings in august ."
it alleges that state authorities attempted to influence the upcoming presidential election by digging up personal information on lee .
the scientists equipped five chimpanzees and four people with face masks to track oxygen usage and looked at other measures to assess energy expenditure and biomechanics on a treadmill .
"taliban kidnappers thursday released the seven remaining south korean hostages and handed them over to red cross officials , afghan and taliban officials said ."
the list includes figures who were top aides for former presidents roh moo hyun and kim dae jung .
the researchers said these children also had a greater risk of poor social development and poor motor control .
"in announcing project 10 100 pronounced 10 to the 100th , the internet giant said to hoped to solicit and bankroll fresh ideas it believes will have broad and beneficial effects on people s lives ."
the online retailer said it sold about 17 nintendo wiis per second when the product was available .
"baghdad , iraq cnn the islamic state of iraq a sunni insurgent coalition that includes al qaeda in iraq issued a statement monday saying it is holding three american soldiers and warning the u . s . military to call off its search ."
russian officials previously warned that such a move would open poland up to an attack in the event of conflict .
the leaders of the group of eight nations are sharing their concerns on nuclear weapons .
"calling the two inter korean business projects symbols of peace and stability on the korean peninsula , roh went on to denounce conservative groups , including the main opposition grand national party gnp , for opposing the government s engagement policies toward the stalinist state ."
"as gonu made its way across the gulf of oman to the iranian coast , the cyclone a rarity in the middle east was downgraded to a tropical storm , according to the u . s . military s joint typhoon warning center ."
acting us cia director john mclaughlin says there s no proof that iran officially sanctioned 9 11 .
it holds about 700 hostages in the jungles of colombia .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2726059
"now don t ask me about 1 , 000 years from now , meier said . but for the next few generations we think that we should not ignore the little glaciers ."
"canada s sex tourism laws allow prosecution for crimes committed abroad , ap reported ."
brazilian newspapers on wednesday ran front page photos of adriana almeida wearing a t shirt and wraparound designer sunglasses being escorted to jail from a hotel in a luxury seaside community near rio de janeiro .
"in fact , loneliness is half inherited , half environmental , says john cacioppo , director of the university of chicago s center for cognitive and social neuroscience ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
and harrison ford and shia leboeuf for indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull .
so they issued their complaint in roof sealant and 7 foot tall letters about two weeks ago .
asian and pacific markets were mixed following a late rally on wall street that brought the dow jones industrial average up over 2 percent .
"among the many small island nations in the caribbean , the asian rivals have long used economic investment to win votes at the united nations ."
"royal showed particular compassion to a wheelchair bound questioner , and newspaper le monde the next day dubbed her the candidate mother of french politics ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"at least 130 , 000 korean citizens took to the streets in downtown seoul and across the nation saturday in rallies against the impeachment of president roh moo hyun and the u . s . presence in iraq ."
the museum first opened in another location of seoul in 1986 .
"following a meeting in seoul , they agreed to seek the revision in the initial days of the 18th term national assembly to be formed through general elections in april and urged roh to leave the matter to the hands of the next government ."
aliens out of control or simple mechanical failure ?
"he said it s political as well and requires national will , an implication that iraqis need to put aside their ethnic , tribal and religious allegiances to help the state survive ."
the best refuge from the sun is a day at the pool or water park .
"i ve traveled with senator clinton and uh , to a lot of places in the world , uh , i think she is extremely knowledgeable on the issues , i think it s a good team and i think it s a very wise choice ."
"what is new with this article is that it shows brain shrinking at lower doses of alcohol . however , the study did not demonstrate that the smaller brain volume actually impaired memory or mental function , notes james garbutt , m . d . , professor of psychiatry at the university of north carolina at chapel hill ."
"girls typically stop growing about three years after they ve had their first period , but boys continue to grow throughout their teens ."
"tobacco killed 100 million people in the world last century and will kill a billion in the 21st century , unless changes are made , said john r . seffrin , chief executive officer at the american cancer society , tuesday ."
"vatican city cnn pope benedict xvi marked easter sunday in a rain drenched appearance in which he renewed calls for peace in iraq , the holy land and tibet ."
draft likely to be reduced
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"iraqi contractors were responsible for building the school , which was intended to bring in hundreds of girls ."
roh expressed concern over the korean people who speak in support of the u . s . more proactively than u . s . citizens .
"about 3 , 200 soldiers from the 173rd airborne brigade base in vicenza , italy , will go this spring to the porous eastern afghan border with pakistan ."
"hyundai , which has been running the tour since 1998 , asks them not to say anything that might offend north koreans ."
hospital officials said eight people were killed and 13 injured .
"we have spoken with john and he appears to be in good health , however he currently has no memory of events since june 2000 , they said ."
hume estimated that current levels of global carbon dioxide emissions would result in a noticeable reduction in australia s koala population in 50 years due to a lack of palatable leaves .
it was like entering a seamless cinematic reality .
"also , iraq is an arab country , the majority are arabs , but this also will not justify for the arab countries to interfere in iraq ."
the newspaper was noting the 40th anniversary of the beatles white album .
"the north korean ambassador to the united nations , pak gil yon , read out a combative statement inside the council chambers minutes after the 15 member body voted unanimously to punish the reclusive communist nation for its claimed nuclear test ."
"the trip is run by the south korean conglomerate hyundai , which gives visitors mostly south koreans a rare view at the fabled diamond mountain in the southeast corner of north korea ."
pepper is profiting off his band and their new album .
"if you re stuck working on a holiday , you don t want to be stranded without your support systems ."
"we believe it s possible the executors of the attack were iranian or iranian trained , the u . s . official said ."
"in an attempt to shore up crumbling negotiations on ending north korea s nuclear weapons program , a u . s . envoy traveled to both tokyo and seoul for a meeting with top diplomats ."
"rooney was introduced 18 minutes from time but before he had even touched the ball , gamba pulled one back through masato yamazaki ."
"in a wider sense , it is the practical application of man s inventiveness to the improvement of his well being and the increase of his wealth ."
"and besides , our deep love of football ."
"washington cnn 8212 a u . s . marine videotaped throwing a puppy over a cliff while on patrol in iraq has been kicked out of the corps , and a second marine involved has been disciplined , according to a statement released by the marines ."
critics have denounced the program as a violation of human rights .
"indonesia , the world s largest archipelago , is prone to seismic upheavals due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the pacific basin ."
"i don t know if you want to call those mistakes or not , but they were things didn t go according to plan , let s put it that way , bush said ."
"cho presented three forms of identification and state police conducted an instant background check that probably took about a minute , the store owner said ."
"motorola backtracked on its previous target for the mobile unit to make a full year profit , and said its second quarter operating loss would be wider than in the first quarter ."
a heathrow spokesman who spoke on condition of anonymity said authorities were investigating the unlawful protest .
"south korean president roh moo hyun sunday said north korea detects a crisis because the united states thinks the kim jong il regime will collapse in the end , adding that such hopes are making the current nuclear negotiations difficult ."
"under the program announced tuesday morning , the fed will purchase three month unsecured and asset backed commercial paper directly from eligible issuers ."
"ibama has a veterinary team that captures the snakes and takes them to a zoo or to an outlying park to release them , almeida said ."
the minister reaffirmed seoul s commitment to the participation in the u . s . led efforts to rebuild the war torn middle eastern nation .
"it s amazing , it s just gone"
seventy two percent of white americans and 61 percent of black americans surveyed in a new cnn opinion research corp . poll released monday say the nation is ready for a black commander in chief .
the couple have since divorced .
"featuring working class citizens in intense poverty , the article accused the president of ignoring what the electorate needed for the most , focusing only on politics ."
"don brown wasn t looking for a new job , but after working through a recent november weekend , he became co founder of a new web site ."
"the gnp claims that last week s interview with hankyoreh , the nation s liberal minded newspaper , once again borders on illegal campaigning ."
police say they found the body of a woman in the wreckage of her home near raleigh her teenage son is missing .
"the joong ang ilbo reports an apparent rift between president roh moo hyun and the military establishment over how to approach the northern limit line that separates the two koreas in the yellow sea seemed to widen as the defense minister has made it clear that he will fight any challenge to the line , even if it costs him his job , quoting high ranking military sources yesterday ."
we need to see the commitment to bring down labor cost to be competitive with folks like toyota and honda .
"several places are scheduled to reach that level soon , and fcc officials and phone companies say the 2005 deadline is still attainable ."
the unusually harsh comments are expected to infuriate north korea .
"outside , police have used water cannon to try to break up anti g8 protesters ."
"that would bring the total number of forces being added in iraq to between 35 , 000 and 48 , 000 troops , the report said ."
the south also said it wanted to take further steps toward reconciliation despite the communist state s defiance over its nuclear program .
flying with the flu ?
tom collins said the airstrike near musa qala on sunday morning killed a senior taliban leader riding in a car .
"the movie is already available on dvd and will soon be shown in about nine theaters , according to a public relations firm for filmmaker david bossie , who heads citizens united ."
"south korea s city of yeosu monday won the right to host the world expo in 2012 , beating tangiers of morocco and wroclaw v raht swahf of poland ."
"eight pakistan commandos were killed in tuesday s raid , which began in the predawn hours , he said ."
u . s . attorney patrick fitzgerald said he was pleased with the outcome .
"conversely , wearing the 3 d glasses while watching regular programming on the hyundai 3 d tv produces a slight 3 d effect ."
"to all those who can hear me , i ask them to immediately stop all this behavior , socialist party chief francois hollande said tuesday on rtl radio ."
with so much food moving around the house and visitors who generously
"all vehicles were banned from the largely shiite city of amara wednesday after three car bombs ripped through a market district , killing at least 27 people and wounded 151 , officials said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
pittsburgh shot down the ravens 24 13 .
eu bans imports of live birds .
former olympic 110 meters hurdles champion liu xiang could return from injury in time to meet arch rival dayron robles at the 2009 world championships in berlin .
security chiefs said the group believed to be planning the attack had been under surveillance for some time .
a new zealand woman on an oxygen machine died after an energy firm switched off her power supply because of unpaid bills .
"jeremy c . sivits of hyndman , pa . , a member of the 372nd military police company , will face a military court in baghdad on may 19 , less than a month after photos of prisoners being abused and humiliated were first broadcast april 28th ."
"abu obeida , a spokesman for hamas military wing , warned israel that izzedine al qassam brigades will continue rocket strikes for many months and vowed to strike deeper into israeli territory ."
"suspect drove up , fired shots , i don t know what happened from there ."
a police officer who arrested him june 11 said craig peered through a crack in a restroom stall door for two minutes and made gestures suggesting to the officer he wanted to engage in lewd conduct .
"today though , the intention of many companies is to use advertising as an instrument to promote social awareness of social evils , she said ."
"we must condemn the bad actions of terrorists , and the sons of all tribes must come together and forgive each other , shekti said . we need to work for reconciliation ."
"the adventurous views of dave evans , chief technologist at business solutions company cisco systems , highlight the types of changes we could soon see in airports and indeed the new features we may witness in spaceports ."
"if a country wants to become a member of the union , it needs to respect these principles , it said ."
the network reported eye witnesses saying the city of gisborne was covered in glass .
more and more of the bulletin boards on the net are for buying and selling .
jake shimabukuro s ukulele provides a delightfully plucky counterpoint to ma s soaring cello on the john lennon yoko ono hit happy xmas war is over .
573 of whom uploaded stories on why they think polaroid instant film is worth keeping .
"taggen , a 4 year old crocodile , was reported missing monday from his cage at the bergen aquarium after his captors broke the latch over the weekend and took the reptile , said marine biologist kees oscar ekeli , the aquarium s director ."
"but as he points out , it is not a commercially available product , and the price tag of 30 , 000 euros usually dampens the enthusiasm of the average camper ."
"employers slowed the pace of layoffs , cutting 539 , 000 jobs last month"
ap fossil hunters in china have discovered what may be one of the weirdest prehistoric species ever seen a four winged dinosaur that apparently glided from tree to tree .
"the discretion surrounding the quiet exchange of vows at the elysee palace contrasted with the couple s public romance , which caught the world s attention ."
the activists including prominent pro democracy leader min ko naing are accused of making illegal statements .
it is the first time seoul officials have acknowledged that a north korean spy posing as an asylum seeker has reached the south .
kaesong was once korea s capital and commercial hub .
"in la crosse , wisconsin , a 17 year old boy recently was charged with child pornography , sexual exploitation of a child and defamation for allegedly posting nude photos of his 16 year old ex girlfriend on his myspace page ."
yesterday was my birthday .
"some say roflcon is the biggest gathering of micro celebrities ever the internet , in person , as one organizer said ."
"but when you think of more than 300 pharaohs , 31 dynasties , tutankhamun s is only one of them , silverman said ."
"cnn teri garr is known for her acting roles in tootsie and friends , but one man in hollywood will probably remember her best for the way she wields a hammer ."
they are demanding a bigger share of government jobs and education benefits .
but do such pledges work ? are pledge takers more likely than other teens to delay sexual activity ?
"however hard we try , there is a possibility of a failure in reaching an agreement because of reasons either on our side or the american side , kim told a korea broadcasting system radio interviewer ."
the 35 year old security guard died at the scene when a crowd trying to get into the shopping center pushed over a brick pillar
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
a british environmental group is prescribing strong medicine of its own
she is facing a third night in jail without being formally charged .
"a letter from kathleen turner , a spokeswoman for the office of the director of national intelligence , said that office and the national counterterrorism center concurred with the report s assessment that the united states has not met its national security goals in the tribal region but maintained that there was a plan in place ."
last summer three men were arrested in germany for allegedly plotting bomb attacks against americans resident in the country .
"supporters in chicago cheering , yes , we can were met with cries of yes , we did ."
"at rachel s little a le inn , owner pat travis enthuses about the mystery guests who frequent her intergalactic way station ."
"a lot has changed since the two debated in hollywood , california , on january 31 ."
"while they await word of the piano s origin and fate , hutton laughed ."
"9 elections , spoke two days after militants showed their muscle with the deadliest raid on israeli troops since may , and as a palestinian policeman and a farmer at a jewish settlement died in fresh gaza violence ."
"helen mirren , who won the best actress oscar for playing queen elizabeth ii in the queen , may be invited to tea , buckingham palace said monday ."
"our white house correspondent mark smith , who s in chicago this morning"
some of the targets were along the tigris river .
"the girl was reported as a runaway juvenile on december 18 , grebmeier said , and police took a missing persons report and put out a flier ."
"this is the first time a mammal has been cloned from a sample stored at conditions reasonably close to what might be expected in permafrost , teruhiko wakayama , who led the study , said in a statement ."
it s an idea that has been floated by her or a campaign surrogate nearly half a dozen times this month .
"for elementary schoolchildren , after school programs for helping obese students lose weight have been underway ."
it s sad and it s sick .
"milan , now on 17 points , are trailing leaders and city rivals inter milan by 11 points ."
"sandy kozel , the associated press ."
"chae said he chose namdaemun because it was easily accessible by public transportation and yet situated in a lightly populated area where the fire was unlikely to hurt people , according to police ."
"his commanding officer in afghanistan , lieutenant colonel edward smyth osbourne , who hands over command of the household cavalry regiment this week , was also present at the ceremony , pa reported ."
"it s very difficult , says nicky , who spends several hours a day studying english at school . i hate memorizing grammar , and teachers at my school are so boring ."
"canceled or postponed events have included rolling stones concerts in hong kong and mainland china , an anti war rally in hong kong on saturday and a demonstration sunday by foreign maids protesting a wage cut ."
"one day i say , if i can find only one hair , only one hair of the eyebrow , i will have definitively the proof that originally leonardo da vinci had painted eyelash and eyebrow , said cotte ."
"in 2005 , the council passed a resolution establishing a group to monitor and report on countries and groups using child soldiers ."
the board has the power to dismiss him or could choose to report a lack of confidence in his leadership .
korea to double african aid by . . .
the bbc reports taliban rebels in afghanistan have released 12 south koreans 10 women and two men out of a group of 19 hostages that they have been holding .
"the hollywood foreign press association presents the golden globes coming sunday , the screen actors guild has the sag awards january 25 , the recording academy gives out the grammys february 8 , and then there s the granddaddy of them all , the academy awards , better known as the oscars february 22 ."
"new mapping techniques show how much land would be lost and how many people affected by rapid sea level rises that are often triggered by storms and earthquakes , a u . s . geological survey led team determined ."
"lee also vowed to boost ties with the united states and called for summits with north korea as needed , according to an advance copy of the speech ."
"yesterday the main index , kospi , passed 1 , 800 points for the first time in its history ."
he said the plane was carrying 123 passengers and seven crew members .
"pak rejected the economic and military sanctions and blamed the united states for the reported blast , saying the u . s . had forced north korea into rattling sabers ."
there were demonstrations following the murder of the union leader .
about 40 percent of world oil exports pass through the gulf .
"in what became one of the defining moments of his career , yeltsin rallied the people against an attempt to overthrow gorbachev s era of glasnost and perestroika ."
london brent crude gained 1 . 76 to 74 . 81 a barrel at 1732 gmt . u . s . crude rose 32 cents to 71 . 73 a barrel .
"speaking at a meeting of south korean diplomatic mission chiefs abroad in seoul , lee described socioeconomic polarization as one of the biggest problems facing the country ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"in the villages , prices are high because stores must keep up with freight costs , and the tiny communities simply can t support much competition , said state labor economist neal fried ."
federal regulators this morning adopted sweeping new rules for credit card companies that will keep them from raising the interest rate on your current balance .
"presently , only u . s . and russian made meals are served in the international space station ."
"the shopping center will be closed until at least thursday , police said ."
the level of manganese in the air around the nation s capital was also nine times higher than the normal average in spring days .
"we still laugh at the book , watkins said ."
lower weekly rates with the sixth night free are available in june .
"kassouf , a 24 year old marketing manager in baltimore , maryland , was moaning to his beloved that he d gained weight recently ."
halloween came early and closed hollywood s strong summer season with a record breaking labor day weekend debut .
but the possibility of treasury intervention failed to reassure investors amid the ongoing credit crisis .
"it caught fire after hitting an airport fence as it was trying to land at the airport , the country s civil aviation authority said ."
"before middle aged men started singing viva viagra in tv ads , before former sen . bob dole appeared in its commercials in the 90s , before the blue pill with a funny name entered the public lexicon , impotence was hush hush ."
"but it took some solace from the victory of the small parties , which it seeks to ally with before the december presidential election ."
it was a deception he maintained from 1984 until just days ago .
hong seok hyun was questioned by the prosecution .
the top u . s . diplomat in iraq said thursday that baghdad was making some political progress but faces considerable difficulty in trying to heal a nation long gripped by violence .
"wendy cutler , u . s . chief negotiator and assistant trade representative , yesterday said north korea s nuclear test has made it more difficult for washington to include goods from kaesong industrial complex in the bilateral trade talks with south korea ."
lindsay lohan is making plans for life after rehab .
it also said it was setting up a new lending program under which so called primary dealers could borrow directly from the fed at the discount rate .
correspondent julie walk here is live with the new york stock exchange .
"america must find another way to show its affection and love for the kosovan albanians , without offering them serb territories , kostunica told serbian national television . serbia is rightfully outraged at the american policies on the issue of kosovo ."
"john mccain , with little republican opposition , focused on the november presidential election on sunday while democrats barack obama and hillary clinton prepared for their next big fight in wisconsin ."
"chilean navy vessels in the area lost sight of the stricken ms explorer early friday evening , hours after the pre dawn accident near antarctica s south shetland islands , and wreckage indicated it had gone under completely , according to a navy press officer who declined be identified in accordance with department policy ."
robert mugabe s party has lost its parliamentary majority for the first time since zimbabwean independence in 1980 .
former british conservative prime minister sir edward heath has died at the age of 89 .
"we have a daughter who lives in anchorage and she does some of our shopping , said natalie baumgartner , 61 , city administrator in mcgrath , a town of 350 on the iditarod trail ."
"an international aid worker who witnessed the bloody crackdown on weekend pro democracy demonstrations in myanmar told cnn she saw bodies lying in the street in front of a pagoda dedicated to world peace , possibly as a warning from the government s security forces ."
"but those who don t believe have created a sort of cottage industry of doubt , and that is what nasa wants to combat ."
"the labor department reports another 554 , 000 americans were thrown out of work , and signed up for jobless benefits last week ."
"the animated film that would come on television that i could not wait to see , and it was a family event , was the hobbit ."
"oh , this is so terrible she is winning the general election , and he is not ."
"5 , 600 jackets and around uh , over 1 , 000 sleeping bags ."
"wall street is on the move , up ."
"until now , this type of behavior had only been shown in humans or chimpanzees , but researchers suspected that other species that live together could be sensitive to fair play"
sporadic fighting persists in the country s eastern provinces despite a 2002 peace accord .
north korea said sunday it will immediately resume work to disable its nuclear plants after the united states removed it from a list of states that sponsor terrorism .
"prime minister yasuo fukuda condemned the alleged incident as unforgivable , and the u . s . military confined troops to their bases or off base homes for a period of reflection as of wednesday morning , except for work , worship , school or medical appointments , according to a news release from camp butler on okinawa ."
"senna s family accused almeida of pressuring senna to change his will , removing 11 brothers and sisters as potential beneficiaries ."
"the storm was weakening with winds of up to 101 mph 162 kph , but forecasters still warned of flooding and landslides as it looked to brush by tokyo later in the day ."
health food gained popularity when people began to think more seriously about their physical well being .
"the korean olympic committee , seoul s governing body , said yesterday that its president , kim jung kil , and his north korean counterpart , mun jae dok , struck a deal on the sidelines of the 24th annual assembly of the asian olympic council in guangzhou , china ."
"we expect to hear more when president barack obama talks about the auto industry at noon , eastern time ."
the tribunal s ratification has been held up by political dispute .
"the two state charges beating or killing or causing dogs to fight other dogs , and engaging in or promoting dogfighting also are punishable by up to five years in prison each ."
"maria elena lopez , a vice minister of tourism , reported a 15 percent increase in foreign visitors this year compared with the first three months of 2007 , but she did not provide further data , according to the communist party daily granma ."
obama and clinton were in washington on wednesday to each address the influential american israel public affairs committee .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the organization s report titled primary health care
the death comes amid great turmoil in the country s real estate industry .
"on wednesday , a letter from the department of the army to aey s president , efraim diveroli , informed him that his company is suspended from contracting with the u . s . government until the investigation is complete ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the company had said in january the 299 apple tv set top box would be available this month .
"and i think the almost undeviating support by great britain for the ill advised policies of president bush in iraq have been a major tragedy for the world , carter told british broadcasting corp . radio ."
"william , 25 , is a second lieutenant in the british army who received his pilot s wings from the royal air force earlier this month ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"incredibly , jwa hoon jung , a kma official , slashed his abdomen with a knife and wrote words of protest in blood ."
"the three funds led by icahn sold a 4 . 75 percent stake , or 7 million shares , in kt g for 425 billion won , or 60 , 700 won apiece , according to citiglobal market securities , the lead manager of the share sale ."
it is unclear if it was the same incident that killed the journalist .
"the actions of train operators who allowed the second train to arrive are being investigated , and police said they will also look into suspicions that the subway corporation tried to cover up or destroy evidence of a possibly bungled response ."
"south korea and the united states reached a final consensus in more than half of the 19 negotiation sectors during the eighth round of free trade agreement fta talks in seoul , which ended on monday ."
he says he could envision going back and forth between south korea and the u . s .
"the government and international communities have provided very little to the crisis , belliveau added ."
"the explosion site includes a shopping mall , a luxury hotel , a military post and military housing ."
"but the same day , a lawmaker from the left wing democratic labor party produced new documents on the same subject ."
that album included the grammy winning single heartache tonight .
"spirit previously found clues of ancient water in the crater through the presence of sulfur rich soil , water altered minerals and explosive volcanism ."
lee also determined to give his north korean son a better life .
"clarence mitchell , spokesman for the mccanns , said this is another important phase of our investigation into madeleine s abduction and we hope that this picture will be a very important reminder to anyone who was in the area on that night who may have seen this man ."
it was the backdrop of the italians struggle for independence in the 1800s .
press secretary dana perino says bush talked with monmohan singh on the phone from camp david where s he s spending his last thanksgiving as commander in chief .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
what is paulson s bailout strategy ?
rogge identified two key issues facing the ioc
"the triple olympic gold medallist fought off competition formula 1 world champion lewis hamilton , who finished second , and third placed swimmer rebecca adlington to scoop the prize ."
"her son , teti , is believed to have ruled for around 20 years until he was possibly assassinated , a sign of the time s turbulence ."
phoenix landed a month ago to study the habitability of mars northern latitudes .
"the membership of a party stops at the boundaries of the state , he said ."
"in his speech , olmert also promised to improve freedom of movement of the palestinian population in the west bank substantially and reopen trade ties with the territory , saying he wanted to show the palestinians that the way of peace and dialogue will bring a better , more comfortable , more peaceful life ."
a battle royale over an estimated 500 million treasure that a florida deep sea salvage company found last year is due for a fresh round in court in florida on monday
that was the date in 2006 when the military removed thaksin and his legally elected thai rak thai party from power .
"the endorsement will likely help mccain rally disenchanted conservatives behind his candidacy , and with bush helping him raise much needed campaign cash , it will give him a significant boost headed into the campaign for the november election ."
mississippi is the latest state trying to unload some high priced items because of the recession .
they ll try to make it two in a row at tropicana field when brett myers pitches against james shields in game 2 thursday night .
opposition leader raila odinga called for three days of demonstrations that began wednesday .
"his youth , personal history and message of a new politics has fused with the historical moment to create someone larger than life , says the artist s dossier about the work , titled expectation ."
"what we re trying to do here is provide some long term predictability to our soldiers and their families , gates told reporters at the pentagon ."
similar to a pyramid scheme is an investment fraud in which high profits are promised to investors from fictitious sources .
"video footage from the scene showed a man emerge carrying the girl , named vandana ."
"before long , carter had made another sign that read , george clooney was here ! and planted it at the road ."
"duch was not among the top level of khmer rouge leaders but he has become one of the most notorious members , according to reporters in phnom penh ."
"then , you base your future work on his or her priorities ."
ioc president rogge to stand for second term
"the case is seen as concerning american filmmakers , online music providers and other u . s . media suppliers who claim to be suffering from what the u . s . calls less favorable distribution opportunities in china ."
when asked on nbc s today show why he wouldn t run for president again when presumably a president could shape an agenda to fight global warming gore said those in power must have the support of the people to make it work .
"all they want to see is a modern city , said lowe , whose walking tours take in singapore s historic quarters and craftsmen such as those who make wood carvings for the temples , or paper statues for traditional chinese funerals ."
"a rusty box sitting on caterpillar tracks , with a retractable binocular shaped head , he compresses junk into building blocks and then piles them up into towers that are shadow skyscrapers of waste in the ruins of an unidentified city ."
"cultures in every country , dewolfe told a forum at seoul s elite yonsei university in the south korean capital seoul . we believe that people use web sites differently in every country ."
"also , baghdad residents are more willing to show iraqi forces the hideouts and the whereabouts of the terrorists , al rubaie said ."
"when asked how iraq s government would respond to the possibility of turkish ground forces in northern iraq , barzani urged dialogue with turkey but said iraqi forces would act in self defense ."
"britain has already downgraded its 2008 gdp growth forecast to between 2 percent and 2 . 5 percent , well below the 3 . 1 percent growth in 2007 and its pre credit crisis estimate for 2008 of between 2 . 5 percent to 3 . 0 percent ."
"sunday s video showed johnston standing before a black background , wearing a long sleeved red shirt beneath what appeared to be an explosive vest ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn pamela anderson and rick salomon married saturday evening between the former baywatch star s performances on the las vegas strip , according to published reports ."
former beatle ringo starr has given his fans a ticket to ride .
"i should rather have paid attention to what i was saying and understood that perhaps i was on the record , chirac said in the second interview on tuesday , according to the new york times ."
draft likely to be reduced
astronaut teachers to inspire next generation
"the korea times notes that it marks the first time in 57 years that the government has taken action against korean citizens who cooperated with japan , which colonized the peninsula from 1910 to 1945 ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"that s because the u . s . computer maker is cutting 1 , 900 jobs in ireland and shifting its european manufacturing operations to poland ."
rattray was shot dead january 26 by a six man gang at his fugitives drift guest lodge in the eastern province of kwazulu natal .
"some observers question whether al maliki has the political will to take on al sadr s mehdi army , thought to be behind much of iraq s violence between sunni insurgents and shiite militias ."
"it s 16 below in duluth , minnesota right now , but up to 10 above on the other side of the cold front , in minot , north dakota . some say this guy should never have to pay for his own drinks again"
mattel values its intellectual property and actively protects its brands and trademarks .
"the recent rise in tensions between turkey and the united states has led the military to increase its planning for alternatives , two military officials with direct knowledge of the ongoing assessment said ."
"bush is expected to say that although the economy is undergoing a period of uncertainty , the american people can be confident about our economic growth . interactive bush s message over the years raquo"
flying with the flu ?
gates said in tokyo that the company put a lot of effort in the talks with yahoo and had decided that the two should pursue independent paths .
a spokeswoman for the competition acknowledges there was some consternation among the judges when they realized cholla was of the equine species .
the gathering of mccain allies on his campaign plane has gotten thick .
by placing his hand on the same bible that abraham lincoln used during the inauguration of 1861 .
palin says she d be honored to help obama
"he told authorities that none of the miners was seriously hurt , said sgt . carla coslovich , a spokeswoman for victoria s state police ."
"what this means is that no u . s . citizen or private organization will be allowed to engage in financial transactions with these persons and entities , secretary of state condoleezza rice said . in addition , any assets that these designees have under u . s . jurisdiction will be immediately frozen ."
the tests have now confirmed 42 deaths .
"sunday s statement follows a december 1 personal letter from u . s . president george w . bush to north korean leader kim jong il , urging his government to fulfill its end of the bargain ."
it was not clear tuesday whether she had been discharged .
"but it s a good bet that in this era of tightening budgets and limited commitments , your company again and again faces the question of whether to hire a permanent staff for a new project , bring in temps , or have a subcontractor far away handle it ."
especially when they fly on a c 130 hercules military plane .
"we need pro growth , and pro job economic policies , not pro government spending programs paid for with higher taxes ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
both hijackers eventually surrendered to turkish authorities .
"brussels , belgium cnn european union regulators said monday they were again investigating software giant microsoft corp . this time on suspicion of abusing its market position by squeezing out competing internet browsers and software rivals dependent on microsoft programs ."
we have proven oil reserves of at least 21 billion barrels in the united states . but a broad federal moratorium stands in the way of energy exploration and production . and i believe it is time for the federal government to lift these restrictions and to put our own reserves to use .
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2750531 clashes between lebanese troops and islamic militants have spread to lebanon s largest palestinian refugee camp in the south , underlining the complexities the country faces in trying to defeat al qaeda inspired fighters who are battling a continuing army onslaught in a northern camp ."
"kibaki also named a 40 member coalition cabinet on sunday , and thanked kenyans for their patience during prolonged talks with odinga s orange democratic movement to reach an agreement ."
"was not around , they left a series of messages on the veteran actor s phone , joking about brand s sexual relationship with sachs granddaughter georgina baillie , 23 ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
something which hasn t happened for over a million years .
a beaming uniited manager sir alex ferguson said i thought we played some fantastic football and dominated the game .
"the bbc reports the secretary general of burma s largest rebel group , the karen national union , has been killed ."
a joint statement hailed the talks as a breakthrough toward a just and durable solution to the mindanao conflict .
lt . col . valerie claire bermond said the two crossing points were closed while kfor rebuilt the installations destroyed in the attacks .
"health authorities were searching for three others who were also seated near the man , kim said ."
"the kite runner , which had its world premiere on tuesday in hollywood , is based on the 2003 best selling novel by afghan american writer khaled hosseini ."
"40 police armed with riot gear and batons were then dispatched to the scene , he said , denying earlier reports that the police were from macau s riot squad ."
the taliban has refuted reports that it wants money in return for the hostages .
"the talks , involving the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia , will take place over two days , with a possible extension of one day ."
flying with the flu ?
"the curious case of benjamin button , featuring brad pitt as a man who ages in reverse , also received 11 nominations ."
"the coffee chain said the in store training program which will begin at 5 30 p . m . local time , would foster enthusiasm in its 135 , 000 u . s . employees and improve the quality of drinks made by starbucks baristas ."
he says he served stints in prison there for petty theft and says he was a heroin addict .
"in 2002 , he vetoed a bill that would have allowed him to do just that ."
"washington lifted that designation in october , but plans to push for an agreement allowing the other parties to check whether pyongyang has revealed all of its nuclear secrets , secretary of state condoleezza rice said last month ."
"even though she discussed being obama s running mate , her campaign chairman earlier in the day said clinton was absolutely not prepared to concede the race after the polls close tonight in montana and south dakota , the final two contests on the primary calendar ."
they said the decision to free the women was a gesture of good will toward korean diplomats negotiating release of all the hostages .
ballack is still recovering from the ankle operation he had last april and the injury kept him out of germany s 2 0 euro 2008 qualifier win over wales in cardiff on saturday .
the military took control of myanmar in 1962 and since then has regularly clashed with pro democracy groups .
"he termed other aspects of the u . s . invasion of iraq disappointments , including the failure to find weapons of mass destruction and the treatment of prisoners at abu ghraib prison ."
"the korea times reports the independent counsel investigating the samsung group questioned chairman lee kun hee s only son , jae yong , as a suspect thursday over allegations about an illicit father to son transfer of wealth and group control and other irregularities ."
"the u . n . security council has passed two sanctions resolutions against iran since december , targeting its nuclear and military sectors and severely impeding its financial transactions with the outside world ."
"on wednesday , fans will have the chance to bid on the hair and other autographed photos and beatles memorabilia when they go up for auction in worthing , in southern england ."
"a chinese deadline for protesters to surrender has passed , but large numbers of police are patrolling the streets of the regional capital , lhasa ."
interest rate cuts are usually viewed as beneficial for the economy since they typically lead to more lending .
"he ran a textile business , returning to china with us 20 million to start a cut flower business ."
their bodies were found in ghazni province .
the meeting is seen as a gesture of support for the moderate palestinian leadership led by mahmoud abbas .
"sun exposure causes up to 90 percent of wrinkles , dark spots , and sagging ."
"the footage , recorded by a scorpions member who apparently believed it would never become public , showed the men taking bosnian muslim civilians from a truck with their hands tied and lining them up on a hillside before spraying them with machine gun fire ."
"co founders bill gates and paul allen assured ibm that in addition to developing the basic programming language for the ibm pc , microsoft could provide an operating system ."
sharapova has not played competitively since pulling out of a tournament in montreal in late july after winning a nearly three hour match in which she double faulted 17 times .
"the militants targeted the lahda fort , which houses paramilitary troops , and a nearby observation post in a pre dawn raid in south waziristan , the military said in a statement ."
"as concerns about the economy top the worries of republican voters , giuliani s launched an ad that touts his fiscal record as mayor , and he s been touting his plans to cut taxes ."
"three prominent burmese dissidents detained following last month s protests have been released , the bbc has learned ."
"it feels very odd to see newspaper articles saying beauty and the beast and why do beautiful women love ugly men ? he said in the interview . but at this stage , i m kind of resigned to it at as you say pushing 60 ."
al jazeera broadcast an audiotape last month on which a voice identified as bin laden s declared iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate palestine .
"ma has acknowledged his comments might have been rash and frivolous , but insisted there was no massacre ."
i ve got to get fans out of my life
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"more than 100 , 000 anti war protesters demonstrated in rome , milan and other cities in italy , where the war has also been supported by the conservative government but is opposed by the public , according to polls ."
"across the globe , people in city squares and villages , living rooms and shacks cheered his success , boosting hopes that america s first black commander in chief might herald a more conciliatory approach to the rest of the world ."
she took 50 percent of the vote to sen . barack obama s 33 percent .
"his remarks had an impact on markets in the us , europe and asia , fanning already prevalent fears of a slowdown in china s booming economy ."
"the 10 and 0 titans are still the only undefeated team in the naf in the nfl , that is , but the super bowl champion giants are still 9 and 1 ."
french president nicolas sarkozy met libyan leader muammar gaddafi on wednesday on a trip to deepen relations after helping to resolve a diplomatic standoff that hurt the oil exporter s ties with the west .
communist china has indefinitely postponed the release of an environmental report on the costs of economic development .
"but the public is already making an assessment , and it s not good ."
exiled korean singer yoo seung jun is attempting to make a comeback in korea .
"all this skates over the fact that mccain already allowed reporters a peek at eight years worth of health records , dating back to 2000 , while obama has released a one page summary from his doctor ."
"the poor arrive days ahead of the ceremony , carrying fishing nets to catch money and anything edible ."
the senate has approved legislation tonight that would kill the automatic cost of living pay raises that congress gives itself .
golf s young bloods set to storm 2009
"we re witnessing a dramatic shift of history , as the center of the world , economic stage , moves from west to east , from the atlantic to the pacific ."
this material may not be published .
"but a south korean official , quoted on condition of anonymity by all news cable channel , ytn , said it appeared to be an accident ."
the news was greeted with defiant cheers from thousands of protesters at the main airport .
warming will increasingly focus on solutions .
one iranian was sentenced to a year in prison here for violations of korea s financial transfer laws .
one notable client was russian boxer kostya tszyu .
"iraq has nothing to do with the american iranian struggle , and we will not let iran play a role against the american army and we will not allow america to play a role against the iranian army , and everyone should respect the sovereignty of iraq , al maliki said ."
no doubt the trail of photographers who constantly pursue her will show the world if she s serious .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"all 115 people aboard the continental airlines jet escaped saturday evening , and of the dozens who were taken to hospitals , five were still hospitalized sunday afternoon , said robert sumwalt , a national transportation safety board member leading the investigation team ."
"it is one of the few global markets , for example , where google inc . is not the dominant search engine ."
"i retract it , of course , when i said , one is going to raze tehran , he said ."
the u . s . geological survey reported a magnitude 6 . 3 earthquake about 30 miles north northeast of padang at 10 50 a . m . 10 50 p . m . et monday . a 6 . 1 temblor followed two hours later within miles of the first quake s epicenter .
"as many as 30 , 000 cats wandered seoul as of 2004 , city officials estimated , and the number has been increasing ."
"one of the hotties accepted into the club is jimmy ziomek , a 29 year old from new york city who rated an 8 . 2 ."
tanya rider left work at a fred meyer grocery store in bellevue on september 19 but never made it home .
"live earth concerts will be held july 7 in cities around the world , including london , aimed at raising climate change awareness ."
"golf legend seve ballesteros has had part of his skull removed to relieve pressure on his brain after complications following brain tumor surgery , madrid s la paz hospital said on thursday ."
"they were never told that they were twins , he said during the dec . 10 debate on a law covering human fertility and embryology ."
"in a non compete , the seller agrees in exchange for a payment not to compete in the buyer s market ."
"referring to his relationship with bruni , sarkozy said , it s a serious matter , but the date won t be fixed today . it is serious . you will find out when it happens ."
the letter suggests congress pass a resolution insisting that the 31 year old alleged taliban fighter be immediately repatriated to stand trial in australia .
"the atlanta event was the 25th startup weekend since the concept was created in boulder , colorado , in july 2007 ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
encouraging people to get tested is a huge challenge in a country where people with the aids virus still face stigma and shame .
"mcalindon says customers love the boxes but usually just ask for a napkin , peel away the paper on the spot and bite into what dertouzo calls their own little package of love and joy ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the boy was pronounced dead at an oklahoma city hospital , about 25 miles north of noble ."
but enforcing smoking bans has in the past been difficult and it is not unusual to see people lighting up next to no smoking signs in public places .
"instead , schiller introduced upgrades to apple s ilife and iwork software suites , unveiled a 17 inch unibody macbook pro with a more powerful battery , and announced tweaks to itunes 99 cents per song pricing model ."
"sexual content on television is strongly associated with teen pregnancy , a new study from the rand corporation shows ."
"on its web site , the company says it performs multiple operations such as providing of vehicles and equipments to customers , including the u . s . army and coalition forces ."
the bullet train reduces travel time from seoul to pusan from four hours and 10 minutes to two hours and 40 minutes .
ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld is here to tell us about it
authorities immediately closed off access to the college and put the city on high alert .
her husband also said friday he was frustrated by the red tape he had to fight to get authorities to launch a search for his wife more than a week after she disappeared .
domino s pizza challenges youtubers to hunt down the saab convertible they can buy on ebay for 9 . 99 .
2 . eggs
"pichushkin scowled as he was brought into moscow city court under heavy guard for a preliminary hearing at which he opted to be tried by a jury , instead of a panel of judges ."
"at least 19 of those killed were children , brig . gen . najim abdullah told the associated press ."
"i m the new national team s coach but we can talk about the details at tomorrow s tuesday s news conference , he said after leaving the bulgarian football union bfu executive committee s meeting ."
"barack obama , the first 100 days"
"despite the controversy , deng who died at the age of 92 is still officially revered for his contributions to china s development into one of the world s most powerful economies"
"a huge multi colored hot air balloon floating in the baghdad sky , bearing a large poster of jesus christ ."
"mark carlson , springfield , illinois ."
"in return , pyongyang was promised energy aid ."
"kathmandu , nepal cnn two communist party workers and a candidate for a small leftist political party were killed less than a month before a historic vote in nepal , police said wednesday ."
home sales fell in all but 6 states where buyers have been able to snap up foreclosures at a neat discount .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the hanaro lg dispute highlights efforts by south korean telecom firms to get through a period of slow growth , stricter government regulations on subsidies for mobile phone handsets and weak consumption caused by an economic downturn ."
"in addition to the single count , the case contains an allegation that richie had a prior misdemeanor dui conviction in june 2003 ."
"video of the aftermath showed debris littering the streets near the blast site , where a plume of black smoke climbed into the sky ."
"three other charges against bonsall , 25 , were dismissed under a plea agreement entered on friday ."
china has gained a reputation for striking deals with african nations without demanding political reforms such as respect for human rights sought by western donors .
"smoltz , who had season ending shoulder surgery on june 10 , spoke tuesday while wearing a compression sleeve that keeps his arm a frigid 32 degrees ."
is it time it s the europeans suggest for a wholesale rewrite of the financial rules of the road ?
"several members take vacation time to take part in key events , such as bottling , or to just hang out ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
local authorities and volunteer groups have appealed for members of the public to help elderly people stricken by the snow .
"ten lebanese soldiers have been killed at nahr el bared and 44 others wounded since friday , including four hurt by a mortar shell monday , raising the army s death toll to 45 at nahr el bared and two at ein el hilweh ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"kimchi , south korea s popular pickle dish , has been approved for an historic space mission later this year , according to news reports ."
"petrova had three bouts of medical treatment during her marathon against bammer , for a back strain and thigh cramps . world number 11 petrova"
we have a match to play and we will see what we can do . we need a miracle .
"the president , who leads a liberal coalition , ends his term in february and a victory by lee would see the gnp return to power for the first time in a decade ."
"the slam dunk issue arose last september , the fifth anniversary of the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks ."
"when hotelier loh lik peng renovated a hotel built from four chinatown shop houses in 2006 , he collaborated with the asian art options collective to find artists to paint murals in all 30 rooms ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"tendai biti , secretary general of mdc , also said that talks are not under way between mdc and mugabe s zanu pf party ."
former us vice president al gore has ruled out again making a late entry into the 2008 presidential race .
the world s most famous groundhog says winter will go on for six more weeks punxsutawney phil passing judgment in pennsylvania this morning .
"but as the saying goes , hell hath no fury like a woman scorned ."
chun also announced preventive measures .
"moscow , russia cnn a cult member who spent several months holed up in a cave with dozens of other people anticipating the end of the world claimed wednesday that two women died and were buried inside ."
the game is that it will exceed expectations even among jaded gamers who bought horrible movie tie ins such as ghost rider or shrek the third .
"there has been an upsurge in sectarian violence in iraq in recent months , raising fears of a civil war ."
"he and medvedev , putin s ally and protege , have said they will rule jointly from their respective offices ."
"information obtained from zubayda under the new interrogation procedures led investigators to al qaeda member ramzi bin al shibh , bush said , and information from zubayda and bin al shibh led investigators to khalid sheikh mohammed , the mastermind of the september 11 , 2001 , terror attacks ."
"communications with the tiny 4 . 5 million dash probe was broken at its scheduled deployment time , with ground control technicians unable to confirm that it had reached orbit ."
the bill was never voted on by the full senate .
"no reliable information was available on the identity of the kidnappers or their demands , but daewoo said that one of the kidnapped men , hong jong taek , called the company from his cell phone and said none of the 10 people kidnapped had been injured ."
"brown has said he will reduce troop numbers as and when possible , but aides say he is unlikely to make any big sudden shifts in policy as the british military is already planning further cutbacks ."
"look at the record . . . not the rhetoric , not the platitudes , but the principles and the philosophy , he said ."
"japan s main stock index plunged more than 4 percent in monday morning trade , driven by concerns about the state of the u . s . economy and the dollar s weakness against the yen are driving tokyo stocks down ."
"i didn t play well at all , at all , said the 25 year old , who has been bothered by a sore left thumb and was playing in her first match since losing in the wimbledon quarter finals to justine henin ."
senate overwhelmingly approved a sept .
"the agency , known as ibama , has been called out to capture 21 snakes this year in belem , brazil , a sprawling metropolis of 1 . 5 million people at the mouth of the amazon river , ibama press officer luciana almeida said by telephone ."
the pop star was involved in a minor traffic accident late saturday .
"chief social welfare officer simon chisale , the official overseeing the adoption , paid the ritchies two home visits , writing in a report that madonna was a perfect mum for david ."
"danica patrick , one of three women to qualify this year , says it s not just how fast you can go , but also how you master the race"
"supporters of shiite cleric muqtada al sadr , whose mehdi army militia has borne the brunt of the fighting , say they have been unfairly singled out by the crackdown ."
"fowler and co author dr . nicholas christakis of harvard medical school charted friends , spouses and siblings in the network , and used their self reported happiness ratings from 1983 to 2003 ."
"that no longer includes travelers from the czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , the republic of korea , and the slovak republic"
320 were reported wounded .
this pilot exam will serve as a test bed to gauge the controversial language exam s feasibility and reliability . the official said it s too early to conclude whether the state backed plan will replace world wide recognized tests in admission processes of foreign schools .
"an investigating team was sent to helmand province s gereshk district , where fighting took place between insurgents and western forces late friday , said dur ali shah , the mayor of gereshk , and mohammad hussein andewal , the provincial police chief ."
"prime minister surayud chulanont urged top security officials on monday to be fully prepared for upcoming public holidays , including a buddhist holiday in march and the thai new year known as songkran , celebrated in mid april ."
"with this name , everyone knows what it means ."
they are said to be in good health .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"police in eastern indian have detained the trainer of a five year old boy who gained fame for his marathon runs , a senior police official said ."
"doing so would likely create huge problems for civil aviation throughout latin america s largest nation because congonhas is a key hub , but prosecutors called the move essential to ensuring air safety ."
"despite their victory in parliamentary elections last month , a coalition led by musharraf s party still has a considerable number of seats in the senate ."
"roosevelt hospital said it had received four passengers who were being treated for hypothermia , but had no further injures ."
at peak hours more than 550 people cram into a carriage built for 200 .
a survey of what people know about aids found that four out of 10 mistakenly believe it is possible to get the disease by sharing a drinking glass or being coughed or sneezed on by an infected person .
"between the close and the low , the dow s swing was 870 points"
sinking island nation seeks new home
"however , additional observations of sg344 between now and then could rule out even those possibilities , he said ."
other hospitals were unable to treat the wounded because of a shortage of supplies and staff .
five military crew and two military passengers were killed .
the fire is burning toward the barefoot landing development near myrtle beach .
"the islamist university lecturer ranked among hamas top five decision makers as the liaison between the group s military and political wing , the paper said ."
"in a review , variety described lee s eyes as commanding and having a korean psycho gangster mentality ."
"if so , then head to stratton mountain resort in vermont , www . stratton . com , the weekend of july 28 ."
"the operation took seven weeks to plan , police said ."
keeping track of climate change
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the central intelligence agency cia of the united states has come under fire for calling the rocky islets of dokdo in the east sea liancourt rocks , siding with the japanese government s claim of ownership ."
"the korea herald reports police have arrested eight present and former professional baseball players , two former college stars and two brokers on charges of dodging mandatory military service by faking tests to pretend they had critical kidney ailments ."
china s burgeoning economy allows a relatively freer flow of information .
two younger brothers run auto repair and liquor shops in the united states .
"meanwhile , government officials repeatedly stress that the economy will achieve 5 percent growth ."
hopes appeared to be fading for talks with north korea on the sidelines of a regional security forum in malaysia .
"he will also learn about state management and the constitution , fitzwilliams said ."
"in a recent interview with a left wing internet news outlet , he said , it s no use making peace with a scoundrel , referring to the united states ."
flying with the flu ?
"it s a remarkable prospect , but sadly one that is highly unlikely , says exhibition co curator robin cormack ."
a priest has been defrocked by pope john paul ii .
the ngo urged the government to find a profound solution to tackle the corruption problems .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
no one has done as much for russia as yeltsin did .
"if clinton wins texas and ohio , it s game on until someone can figure out how to reach a majority of delegates . that may not happen until the democratic national convention in late summer ."
"elsewhere , police there thwarted a suicide bombing ."
"jay walker of priceline . com , pierre omidyar of ebay , and steve case of america online did it in less than five years ."
"over the next 30 years , this became the internet , a global network which has more than 140 million users ."
"on the broader national stock exchange , the 50 company s p nifty index plunged 524 points , or 9 . 3 percent , to 5 , 143 points ."
the israeli military surrounded densely populated gaza city late monday as the death toll mounts in the war torn territory .
"rowles is the only mccain sign on a street full of obama signs , he said ."
"consumers are not only concerned about what s occurring today , but what s going to happen in the future , and i think that really is going to pose a bit of challengers to retailers for the holiday season ."
the two made their comments at a hearing before the senate banking committee about the economy . their testimony comes in the wake of troubling economic readings that have raised recession fears on wall street .
u . n . secretary general ban ki moon condemned the attack in the strongest possible terms in a statement sunday .
the lights were moving across the sky towards the wind farm . then i saw a low flying object .
but a spinal deformity from the polio kept odell from wearing a more modern portable breathing device .
"we estimate if greenprint got into widespread use , in the u . s . alone it would save tens of millions of trees a year and hundreds of millions of pounds of polluting carbon dioxide gases ."
"revealing their cards at cannes , with its notoriously snooty press corps , is a critical risk for spielberg , executive producer george lucas and star harrison ford ."
wu did not produce any evidence to back up the claims but said china would release proof later .
"australia swimmer grant hackett has retired after almost a decade of dominance at 1 , 500 meters that saw him narrowly miss out on a hat trick of olympic titles ."
but moms who aren t poor complain that state agencies focus on welfare cases .
"iran is shiite , and we are shiite and we have many shiites in iraq , but this does not justify iran interfering in iraq ."
"he raised 41 million in march , compared with clinton s 20 million , according to the latest campaign finance reports ."
it is not known where or when he was killed .
"video from across the country showed kenyans dancing and swilling senator keg lager , which has picked up the nickname obama beer in honor of the junior senator from illinois ."
"kim hinted that he had been forced not to notify the public of the result , expressing uneasiness about contents of some high and middle schools textbooks ."
"vilks , a self described atheist , points out he s an equal opportunity offender who in the past sketched a depiction of jesus as a pedophile ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"al sadr , widely popular in iraq s shiite heartland , opposes the u . s . occupation of iraq and , during the war , his mehdi army militia has fiercely fought coalition and iraqi forces ."
"each will have received a call from charles kaye , former executive administrator to the orchestra s founding conductor , the late sir georg solti , and now its driving force ."
"at 11 p . m . et , all storm warnings and watches had been discontinued in the area , according to the national hurricane center in miami , florida ."
workers will return to their posts as the next shift begins on the largest public transport system in the us .
most of the victims are afghan civilians .
korea to double african aid by . . .
in the streets of karachi before the news of woolmer s death protesters burned effigies of woolmer and the team captain .
"the computer problems have meant airline staff have had to deal with bags manually , taking more time than would normally be needed , a british airways spokeswoman said on condition of anonymity in line with company policy ."
president bush surveyed the huge chunks of concrete and twisted metal saturday and pledged the federal government would eliminate roadblocks and cut through paperwork to rebuild the bridge as quickly as possible .
"today thousands of pilgrims flock to mount bromo on east java each year to offer the spirits food , live animals and money and ask for prosperity and health ."
some male police officers sneered at the women as they directed traffic and kept pedestrians from jaywalking on their first day on the job .
draft likely to be reduced
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
draft likely to be reduced
the latest polls show mccain is trailing barack obama .
"because of the close margin , they will face a run off on may 6 ."
chicago improving to 8 and 6 .
"it is widely believed to be the largest specimen of the rare and mysterious deep water species mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni , or colossal squid , ever caught ."
"the cult members have refused law enforcement requests to come out or release the children , and they have threatened to commit suicide if police resort to force , according to russian state television ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
he was the senior u . s . official in negotiations for german unification and worked closely on policies related to the end of the cold war .
"but the united states travel ban still remains in effect , and will continue to be the law until the department of health and human services hhs modifies its regulations ."
"pack a picnic , and don t forget a camera ."
he said the group s commitment is a good incentive for others who have militias to announce their support to the baghdad security plan .
"in its 4 3 ruling , the state supreme court called marriage a basic civil right ."
"a powerful earthquake rattled vanuatu in the south pacific early thursday , causing cracks in roads and buildings and prompting brief evacuations due to tsunami fears , officials said ."
"bud evans , an elder at praise chapel community church , said relatives of some of the victims of the shooting were gathering at his church ."
mccain said obama did not have an appropriate grasp of the danger iran poses to the u . s .
two other groups of international observers released signed statements that the voting was free and fair .
"well , he told people he stood up to the nuclear industry and passed a bill against them . but he actually let the nuclear industry water down his bill the bill never actually passed ."
"i guess it will be up to a judge to decide , but it s in our possession right now as proceeds from a drug transaction , deleo said of the winning ticket ."
"michael christian , author of the art of kissing under the pen name william cane , offers classes , and there s a myriad of how to books and dvds ."
"the coins came from the collection of burbank resident walter j . husak , the owner of an aerospace part manufacturing company ."
"ironically , hoevels character was supposed to commit suicide in the stage production of friedrich schiller s mary stuart , about mary queen of scots ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"his writing style was clear and concise , sometimes using abbreviations ."
and they ran me down the road .
"the midfielder currently has 107 caps to his name , one less than the current record for an outfield player , bobby moore ."
"sharif s pakistan muslim league n party will participate in the election , despite its concerns about vote rigging ."
richard cooey was executed this morning .
"lee seong tae and his six fellow policymakers held the december target for the call rate , the interest charged on overnight inter bank loans , steady at a six year high of 5 percent ."
"he sustained serious injuries in the august 31 , 1997 crash and testified that he received anonymous phone calls and letters after the accident , threatening him to keep quiet ."
"london , england cnn nelson mandela is in london for a week of events to celebrate his 90th birthday ."
kris boyd handed scotland a morale boosting 1 0 victory over south africa in an international friendly in aberdeen .
"it is so painful to me to know that i bought into this system for so many years , and casey paid the price for that allegiance ."
"although still officially a concept , this vehicle is fully functional and a development of it could be production as soon as the end of this year , with honda committed to selling this model in japan and the u . s . next year ."
"both approaches are becoming increasingly viable , and combined they re even more effective . but why bother ?"
all this comes on the day chrysler closes all of its north american manufacturing plants for a month .
signs reading bring them home and bob murray keep your promise were posted overnight at the rescuers command post .
she s the prize of the town s locals who say that in these tough economic times they ll take a gift horse
"helsinki , finland cnn an 18 year old authorities say shot eight people inside his high school in southern finland , before turning the gun on himself , has died , police said ."
"here in america , the administration s been resisting a new stimulus plan ."
"while the u . s . stock market has stagnated , many asian markets have roared ahead stock analysts say that one reason all of asia s markets are ahead of the u . s . so far this year is that asia had a long way to come back ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"they may instead talk about sex , substance use , or violence because they are contemplating doing those things , or because they want to brag without actually doing what they say , moreno said ."
it said the jet carried 166 passengers .
"the curious case of benjamin button and frost nixon each have five , including best drama ."
"it s ironic that we did have such a warning and we did have some measures , tata said ."
we can t hold back the 24 hour economy .
"under the state s proposition 58 , lawmakers will have 45 days to pass measures on resolving the fiscal crisis , and if at the end of that time they have not , the legislature will not be allowed to adjourn or act on other bills until they do , according to the governor s office ."
"when framing the question differently , the study found that you are 15 percent more likely to be happy if a direct connection is happy , 10 percent if the friend of a friend is happy , and 6 percent if it s a friend of a friend of a friend ."
"the agreement was announced in manhattan by attorneys general from new jersey , north carolina , connecticut , pennsylvania , ohio and new york ."
"of those , at least 43 percent are civilians , according to the sources ."
a federal court jury in miami deliberated for just under two days before handing down the verdict .
eisenberg said he had mental problems and couldn t get anyone to help him .
the food and drug administration is looking to strike while the ash is hot .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
clinton said she would meet with supporters and party leaders in the coming days to determine her next steps .
the statement appeared to open up a fresh divide between north korea and the us .
2 . describe the facts that led you to this opinion .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
dimitar berbatov opened the scoring for spurs but two goals from martin laursen edged the visitors ahead and gabriel agbonlahor and craig gardner added to the lead .
the council s wrangling over the resolution centered on wording .
he spent 4 1 2 hours with an array of academics and vips including former u . s . secretaries of state henry kissinger and madeleine albright .
"combs recently placed third in hip hop cash kings rankings by the web site forbes . com , which put his 2006 income at an estimated 28 million ."
"clinton said leaving the senate would be difficult for her , but said she believes that the best way for her to continue to serve the country is by joining obama s administration ."
"tim tebow threw for two touchdowns , the florida defense came up with clutch stops , as the top ranked gators beat number two oklahoma 24 14 in a bcs title game ."
"the operation started two days ago in the region , where al qaeda leader osama bin laden was once thought to be hiding ."
"there is a degree of satisfaction that libya had to comply , and unfortunately , the only form of restitution the world understands is money ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the senate has extended jobless benefits for 7 more weeks .
"paralysed , incontinent and unable to speak , she died earlier this week after suffering breathing difficulties and slipping into a coma ."
"her highest finish was a tie for third at newport country club in rhode island last year , one of her six top 10s in majors ."
optimists say lee may be able to renew his leadership by pushing kang out .
"at 5 p . m . , dean s eye was located about 270 miles 435 kilometers east of chetumal , mexico , the national hurricane center said . the storm was moving westward at nearly 20 mph 32 kph ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"drawings on the back of a leonardo da vinci painting may have been sketched by the italian renaissance artist , but only more tests by museum experts will tell ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"parts of the report were cited by military chief of staff gen . hermogenes esperon in a strongly worded letter to the commission , seen by the associated press , that blasted its findings as unfair and baseless ."
"he expresses his opinions clearly and he s easy to understan , bush said ."
"dozens of families have been evacuated from hills around the el beni region s capital city of trinidad , where they have taken refuge ."
"it s a surge . . . to create space so that we can achieve as swiftly as possible some of those basic necessities for the iraqi people to be able to step up and stand in the lead . and then at that point , the americans step back into less visible , more support positions . watch what snow says about discussions in the white house raquo"
"rocks and bottles of water were thrown at police , in the most violent demonstration since the 2006 coup ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"in its annual world health report , the united nations agency warned there was a good possibility that another major scourge like aids , sars or ebola fever with the potential of killing millions would appear in the coming years ."
"the numbers come in a letter to rep . john spratt , chairman of the house budget committee , in response to a request from spratt s office ."
"the price of rice and other staple foods has doubled over the past year , it said ."
"the three , whose names were not released , had worked at vienna s kaiser franz josef hospital and were arrested after hospital administrators received a tip and alerted police , authorities said ."
we will not accept iran to use iraq to attack the american forces .
"the nation s four bell companies , delivering dsl service over phone lines , remain in a prime position to capture customers in their markets ."
the mayor of an oil producing turkish town .
"if someone commits suicide bombing to protect the honor of the prophet muhammad , his act is justified , the minister said , according to reuters news agency . iran has stepped up its protest over the knighthood awarded by britain to salman rushdie , whose 1988 novel the satanic verses outraged many muslims ."
and unraveled toilet rolls strewn across the pitch are not an uncommon sight and which harm no one .
police have seized evidence indicating single korean women have illegally entered the united states .
"japan s government would respond to the resolution at a press conference later on monday , a spokesperson for the japanese embassy in washington told the associated press news agency ."
kfa is accused for accounting fraud .
"stephen smith added the actor s family would be offered help to return his body to perth in australia , where he is expected to be laid to rest ."
"the rapid ascent of libyan ambassador giadalla ettalhi to this month s revolving council presidency , occurring during the first month that libya has ever been allowed onto the council , is a remarkable turnabout for the north african nation long seen as a sponsor of terrorism ."
"the foreign office has not named the four russian diplomats , but they are known to be intelligence officers . the uk s director of public prosecutions has recommended lugovoi be tried for murder by deliberate poisoning ."
there are about 11 students for every computer in schools .
the seoul district public prosecutors office said thursday that it imposed the overseas travel ban on samsung group restructuring office officials and former samsung everland executives who carried out chairman lee s illegal wealth transfer scheme in november 1996 .
"utility spokeswoman aletha player said an investigation is ongoing , and provided no details of the failure . she said power was expected to be restored by 5 30 p . m et ."
"the 39 year old patient received surgery on january 3 , three days after a new year s drinking spree and a one night stand with a male partner , ceniza said ."
capital city head raise a public criticism for misused tax revenues .
"one of the wounded was transferred by helicopter to rockford hospital , she said . there were no fatalities at the hospital , she said ."
"according to the cancer institute , there is no safe level of secondhand smoke , and it can have an immediate effect on a person s heart and blood vessels ."
"hamilton has become an unpopular figure in spain because of his rivalry with former mclaren team mate , spaniard fernando alonso , who has now switched back to renault . a mclaren representative said"
"south korea has been the second largest contributor to the u . s . led coalition operation in iraq , after britain ."
the militants demanded that south korea withdraw those troops and also halt plans to send three thousand more to northern iraq .
"for this endlessly fascinating city , it s back to business"
"but the statement issued by harrod s said that despite assurances that today s interview would be kept confidential , he is concerned that it was reported within one hour of its conclusion ."
attorney manny arora said astin is doing about as good as can be expected . he s disappointed and surprised .
"there was a temporary conditional truce , and the zionist enemy violated it and therefore it has been essentially over for some time , the hamas militant spokesman said ."
"british officials announced saturday that the h5n1 virus was behind the deaths of 2 , 500 turkeys on a farm near the town of lowestoft , about 120 miles northeast of london ."
"her co stars , philip seymour hoffman , amy adams and viola davis , earned nominations in supporting categories ."
"to the embarrassment of president roh moo hyun , the nation is already engaged in a premature and overheated presidential race ."
the goal is a lightweight car with a range of 200 miles .
the problem is most foreign countries don t have insurance .
"this is how researchers created dolly the sheep , the first mammal to be cloned from an adult animal ."
"the crowds have been huge 80 , 000 at a rally last night in cleveland ."
"the application of fuel cell technology in smaller cars was investigated by peugeot , with its epure version of the 207cc ."
"afghanistan executed 15 prisoners by gunfire , including a man convicted of killing three western journalists and an afghan photographer , the chief of prisons said monday . it was the first time the country had carried out the death penalty in three years ."
"in his book raising baby green , the earth friendly guide to pregnancy , childbirth , and baby care , he tells parents to take the time to examine the materials used in the toys ."
new reports of new swine flu popping up around the world
other members of the troika are the united states and russia .
"while january saw a surge in canadian visitors , arrivals from japan dropped by 5 . 2 percent ."
"iraqi forces detained the suspected leader of a terrorist cell network believed to be funded by saddam hussein s eldest daughter , who is wanted by iraqi authorities on terrorism charges , the u . s . military announced monday ."
"several lawmakers elect were undergoing close scrutiny monday over their questionable wealth accumulation , and their submission of false career and academic records to the nation s election watchdog ."
"the intra party feud broke out this month after chung in bong , park s former legal adviser , threatened to unveil alleged ethical wrongdoings by lee , who holds commanding leads in all opinion polls ."
"whether it s his hair , good looks , acting chops or a combination thereof , hamm s star is on the rise in hollywood ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"novartis already had announced in october that it would cut 1 , 260 jobs in u . s . pharmaceuticals marketing and sales ."
"he was then contacted while on his honeymoon in italy last week by cdc officials and asked to turn himself over to italian health authorities , he told the newspaper ."
"and finally , the russians were mounting their troops on the manchurian border about to enter this war ."
we have now come up with a flexible heat shield .
"the winds that were expected have arrived . the worst has happened , said mark savage of the los angeles county fire department ."
the korea times reports the decision was made at an emergency meeting of government ministers chaired by prime minister goh kun .
"while chelsea earlier reclaimed second place after a 1 0 win over visiting middlesbrough , liverpool moved five points clear of its neighbor through fernando torres 28th goal of the season ."
"torchbearers include long distance runner ron clarke , who set 17 world records during the early 1960s and lit the cauldron at the 1956 games in melbourne , australia , and swimmer ian thorpe , a five time gold medalist ."
"according to courtenay , it s a double whammy . not only do our testosterone levels go down , but our estrogen levels go up and these female hormones coursing through our body can really wreak havoc on a man s functioning ."
a government official in tokyo also said japanese authorities were holding talks over how to best serve the four s interest .
a doping controversy has nagged bonds .
living in a cage in hong kong
"george w . bush will renew a quest in his second term for a constitutional amendment to ban same sex marriage as essential to a hopeful and decent society , his top political aide said on sunday ."
"the pakistani leader says a parliamentary poll will be held in january , but opposition leaders want an end to emergency rule first ."
china expects the talks will be resumed soon .
"since my inauguration , north korea has intensified tension across the border , lee said . but i don t expect the situation to deteriorate further ."
you deserve those answers .
"he was trying to get a rise out of my father , she said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"today , we affirm a new commitment to live out our nation s promise through civility , courage , compassion and character ."
president elect lee myung bak claimed tuesday that korea is capable of catching up with japan in 10 years and becoming a close rival of china .
the floor leaders of the major parties wednesday agreed to delay the revision of the constitution until after april but president roh moo hyun urged the parties and their presidential contenders to provide more binding commitment .
"speaking on israel army radio , israeli deputy defense minister matan vilnai said the plan would gradually cut the electricity supply without harming humanitarian sources like hospitals ."
"police in australia , new zealand and the united states as well as interpol are looking for her father , xue naiyin , a 54 year old chinese language magazine publisher ."
flying with the flu ?
"there is no change in our plans to send additional troops to iraq , goh said during an urgent cabinet meeting wednesday evening ."
"he was originally charged with attempted murder , conspiracy to commit war crimes and aiding the enemy , and was selected to face a u . s . military tribunal ."
floridians have been standing in long lines in polling locations to cast early ballots .
president bush and south korean president lee myung bak opened two days of talks friday focusing on north korea s unfulfilled pledge to disclose its nuclear activities and a u . s . free trade deal with south korea that faces an uphill battle in congress .
"there were no civilian casualties , since civilians had abandoned the area due to fear of turkish attacks , yawar said , adding that he did not know whether any kurdish rebels were killed ."
"the company explained that a factory in china makes the dough and sends it to a factory in busan to fry , pack and distribute it ."
"provisional results had given victory to the people power party ppp , with 233 of the 480 available seats ."
"the memorial concert features music from some of princess diana s favorite acts , including tom jones , but will also host younger performers including kanye west , p . diddy , joss stone and lily allen ."
"it s a better way to appreciate the beauty of the place , and more adventurous than driving ."
"arif nizami , editor of the pakistani daily , the nation , said kiyani is generally regarded as in the same mold as general musharraf ."
lbc said the sniper was not a member of the lebanese army .
"sexual activity reported among the 3 , 005 men and women who participated in the survey did decrease with age , particularly among the oldest participants from 73 percent among those 57 to 64 years of age to 53 percent among those 65 to 74 years of age to 26 percent among those 75 to 85 years of age ."
"the following year she gave birth to a daughter , maureen . they later adopted a son , michael ."
"karima , clad in all black , adds , my husband died of lung cancer nine months ago and left me with nothing ."
"read about mccain s victory mccain won primaries in texas , ohio , vermont and rhode island , giving him more than the 1 , 191 delegates needed to clinch the gop nomination ."
and russia threatened to target weapons at europe if us plans for a missile defense shield should go ahead .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"gold sales would be conducted in a transparent manner with strong safeguards to ensure that they do not add to official sales and avoid any risk of market disruption , the imf said in a statement ."
"bangkok , thailand cnn a teacher from canada suspected of sexually abusing young boys in photographs posted on the internet has been arrested in thailand , thai police said ."
a christmas tree decorated with ornaments and tinsel
"a number of major studios have agreed to let their movies be rented through moviepoint kiosks , and investors in the startup include some big name film execs ."
"but it was buried nearby , alongside the kremlin wall , and much of the truth about stalin s excesses did not emerge until the gorbachev era ."
"flood said jake had been in pain , shaking with a 105 degree fever as he lay on the lawn ."
"militant groups , including hamas , have announced their own week long cease fire , a few hours after israel declared a 10 day unilateral cease fire ."
the plan was to be discussed monday at an eu foreign ministers meeting in luxembourg .
the plant produces a chemical called resorcinol essentially a strong glue used in the tire industry .
"the world conservation union places the total population of the dolphins at 4 , 000 to 5 , 000 ."
"the uci carried out all the testing at the 2007 tour , but a rift with tour organizer aso meant the french anti doping agency took sole charge of testing at this year s tour"
"london , england cnn the head of the anglican church has moved to defuse the row he sparked by suggesting that that some aspects of muslim sharia law could become part of uk law ."
the massachusetts based group physicians for human rights reached that conclusion after carrying out two day clinical evaluations of 11 former detainees who were never charged with crimes .
"earlier , the military said 50 of its troops had gone missing during the battle near the afghan border ."
"mohammed is a member of the iraqi accordance front , part of the largest sunni bloc in parliament ."
"i m not getting as many calls as i used to get when it first took effect , meaning that the program works , foley said ."
half of voters expect the main opposition grand national party gnp to break up before the dec .
"kelly clarkson , who rails against a former flame in her new song never again , says she s never been in love ."
"lee , a confidante to president roh moo hyun , claimed he was going to the north as the head of the uri party s northeast asia peace committee and not as the president s special political adviser ."
"however , the security forces refused to back down or let her through , and bhutto returned to her home ."
her latest house arrest began in 2003 and has been renewed annually for the last five years .
"one of the airstrikes killed an islamic jihad militant and injured four others , hamas sources in gaza said ."
"while at the space station , simonyi will be conducting a number of experiments , including measuring radiation levels and studying biological organisms inside the lab ."
he s not the only one .
"but beefed up policing efforts can only do so much , said rafael goyeneche , executive director of the metropolitan crime commission of greater new orleans ."
then u . s . secretary of state colin powell went to damascus in may 2003 .
a canadian official said authorities there arrested 24 canadians and rescued seven canadian children as part of the probe since late 2005 .
"styled as a day in the life of america , state of the union takes ullman from coast to coast in a flurry of fast flying impersonations ."
"as of february 29 , alitalia s books showed a 1 . 4 billion 2 . 2 billion debt , up nearly 7 percent from the end or january ."
"a third party employed by daewoo conducted negotiations , and south korean diplomats said they weren t directly involved in the talks ."
track cyclist hoy wins top british award
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
jewish dietary laws forbid the eating of pork .
"russia on saturday suspended its participation in a key european arms control treaty that governs deployment of troops on the continent , the kremlin said , a move that threatened to further aggravate moscow s already tense relations with the west ."
the bill allows doctors to kill patients with terminal diseases who are suffering unbearably if they request it .
harper s announcement comes as the afghan winter draws to a close and canadian soldiers prepare to combat another spring offensive by taliban fighters .
the navy sprayed one of the chinese ships with fire hoses to force it away .
"says 68 percent of the 35 , 000 clients it has helped are state funded students ."
"the united states is a strong supporter of prime minister fouad siniora s government , which it sees as a rare example of a young democracy in the middle east ."
"zardari and his son were speaking at a news conference after a meeting of the ppp leadership in naudero , near larkana in southern pakistan ."
"the comments initially gave some stability to the markets , but any gains were short lived , with stocks turning lower again in the afternoon ."
"then , 30 demonstrators were chosen to enter the building housing the bronze tomb through a side door and under police guard ."
"christopher hill , the senior u . s . envoy to the six party denuclearization talks , said friday that he would be agreeable to extended face to face sessions with north koreans ."
3 abu reesha was a prime target for al qaeda militants and other terrorist groups because of his visible alliance with the u . s . coalition .
"foreign workers welcomed the ruing as paving the way for the better protection of labor rights of more than 360 , 000 migrant workers , some of whom face rampant abuse and unfair treatment at their workplace ."
"in the face of what s arguably the darkest economic outlook since the great depression , voters say the economy is overwhelmingly the most important issue this election ."
"he s ahead for now , but only a few thousand votes separate alaska s senator ted stevens from his democratic challenger mark begich , a final tally in alaska still days away ."
an error in the wording of the legislation means that drinking or the carrying of alcohol could be banned in any public area of the country .
"over the past 10 years , venture capital has grown far faster than any other financial instrument , soaring from about 5 billion a year to an annual rate of over 100 billion in the first half of 2000 ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"at least 500 people were gathered inside , cnn ibn reported ."
"china provided passports , id cards and family registers for he kexin , yang yilin , jiang yuyuan , deng linlin and li shanshan , all showing the girls were 16 or would turn 16 this year ."
"he had no previous criminal record and had never threatened anyone from the school before , they added ."
this material may not be published .
"fifty one percent of those polled had a favorable opinion of mccain after the debate , unchanged from before its start ."
"in december 2004 , a massive earthquake struck off sumatra island and triggered a tsunami that killed more than 230 , 000 people in a dozen countries , including 160 , 000 people in indonesia s westernmost province of aceh ."
"elbow beach on the south shore , which was named best place for falling in love by the bermudian magazine ."
"boy , look at that , lloyd said as he approached the rubble . all this happens in a couple of minutes ."
members of the couch planned it before the show .
"the typhoon was packing 133 kph 83 mph , ap reported ."
government scrutinizing price and illegal collusion of apartments scheduled for reconstruction .
"the announcement came a day after the president elect lee myung bak s presidential transition committee said it would leave the telecom firms to decide their own price levels . until recently , the usually stubborn transition team had insisted that they will enforce fee cuts on the firms ."
a quick check of the billboard top 40 turns up a list of candidates for america s top model
white weddings might have been the dream of fashionable brides of old .
"the president is getting the last of his ducks in a row , having the vice president swear in his attorney general this hour , then nominating a third republican to his cabinet ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"hunter tylo s ex husband michael tylo is an assistant professor of film at the university of nevada , las vegas ."
"cnn maybe you really can t have the best of both worlds if you re a teen starlet , no matter what the hannah montana song says ."
"two people suffered minor injuries from falling furniture , public television broadcaster nhk reported ."
officials said he helped plan external attacks and train jihadists to carry out those plots .
mansfield said it appears to be more of a state of the ummah community style of address intended to try and provide advice to the muslim world in a manner similar to the fireside chat .
"however , if limiting glamorous ads would prevent young people from taking up smoking , the fda s ban might not be such a bad thing ."
"therefore since these two are sick and are women , so we will release them without any condition or return ."
"i believe there will be a woman president , he said . i am amazed to have watched barack obama come from basic , relative obscurity to now be the president of the united states ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the researcher was careful to only compare teens who had similar views on religion , birth control and sex in general , regardless of whether or not they took a pledge ."
living in a cage in hong kong
malaysia s parliament is considering tough new laws against illegal moneylenders following a spate of suicides by hopelessly indebted people .
"the nationwide core consumer price index , which excludes volatile fresh food prices , jumped 0 . 4 percent in november compared to the same month a year ago , the ministry of internal affairs and communications said ."
"in later news reports , iranian officials denied that production cuts were imminent , but said a reduction has been discussed ."
"we dare him to provide a financial statement under oath , said goldman s attorney , david j . cook ."
musa qala saw intense battles between taliban fighters and british troops last summer and fall .
"on thursday , xinhua quoted police as saying officers opened fire and wounded four rioters out of self defense on sunday in what it called tibetan inhabited aba county in southwestern sichuan province ."
"lee was accused by the gnp of making politically oriented comments at a uri party rally in taegu , in which he accompanied party chairman chung dong young ."
"at the time , the 61 year old also added that he would not resign from his post or his party , the malaysian chinese association , which is part of the ruling national front coalition ."
president roh moo hyun yesterday tried to relieve pressure on the government to produce breakthroughs in his summit with north korean leader kim jong il later this month .
"miller and schuster noticed that most of the mammoths they examined had far less genetic diversity than other species that are still alive , which may give clues into the biology of extinction ."
"cnn the head of the u . n . world food programme s mogasdishu office was released tuesday after nearly a week in detention , a wfp spokeswoman in rome confirmed to cnn ."
irwin was known for his television show the crocodile hunter and his work with native australian wildlife .
"as for south korea u . s . relations , an overwhelming 87 . 1 percent complained about an unequal power relationship between the two traditional allies ."
aaa reports gas is now going for a national average 1 . 66 a gallon .
"sharapova , who has been fighting a string of injuries and said here she was being hampered by a sore shoulder , has not won a title this year and has never reached he final of a claycourt tournament in her career ."
"australian opposition leader kevin rudd greeted jubilant supporters saturday night , as he promised changes in environmental , education and workplace policies as australia s new prime minister ."
"it s frigid , and i know yesterday we were feeding a lot of folks on the sandbag line and i m not sure it got above 20 yesterday ."
it was not clear what effect the strikes would have on construction of the burj dubai and other buildings in the port city .
"new york cnn leona helmsley , who ran her empire of luxurious manhattan hotels with an iron fist and went to prison for tax fraud , has died , her publicist said monday ."
"among the wrapped up sectors are services , technical barriers to trade tbt , electronic commerce , competition , procurement , customs clearance and transparency , according to the korea times ."
"yet it seems to be a close relative of normal sized frogs who today live half a world away in south america , challenging assumptions about ancient geography ."
that is also the date for a galaxy home game against toronto .
authorities are questioning a couple at the tracey home where the boy says he was being held .
"baitullah mehsud s followers have kept up the fight against u . s . , nato and afghan forces deep inside afghanistan ."
a panel of as yet unnamed judges will then review the top 20 ideas and announce up to five winners in mid february .
"in vermont , the baldwin trail on mount independence was dedicated july 1 , opening for the public parts of an important revolutionary war historic site , including archaeological sites and vistas of the lake champlain valley , for the first time ."
"when a gun gets whipped out like that , someone is going to get shot , but i didn t know who , councilman bill summers said ."
about 70 north korean refugees arrested in crackdowns have been sent back to the north .
"though he avoided discussing his administration s purportedly waning support for bush s iraq policy , he did express at least some solidarity with the united states . watch brown speak of duties to discharge in iraq raquo"
"the ongoing fight against terrorism as one major terrorist will no longer be around to commit additional acts of terror against americans and others in the world , fbi special agent richard kolko said ."
"the gnp lawmakers described the passage as political terrorism , calling for more solid ballots from conservatives on election day , tomorrow ."
"some protesters blocked roads with garbage , oil drums and glass in an attempt to stop them from reaching the airport , while others destroyed offices and houses in ternate , forcing schools and business to shut down ."
protests planned in other parts of the country never took place as threats there caused few students to show up .
draft likely to be reduced
substitute cesc fabregas made it 2 0 after 82 minutes while eduardo da silva scored his first goal as an arsenal player in the closing minutes .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
police said yesterday they have seized evidence indicating as many as 250 single korean women have illegally entered the united states by representing themselves as the wives of well to do employees at some of korea s major corporations .
"as a result , these refugees are trapped in the garbage dump not enough money to go elsewhere and no prospects back home ."
the new york post called monday night s show an orgy of self indulgence and described beckham as vapid and condescending .
"a whisk , an electric light bulb , bubble wrap ."
"and about 2 , 000 people rioted monday in the impoverished northwestern province of gansu over plans to move longnan s city government offices , which were damaged in the may 12 sichuan earthquake , to a nearby county ."
"beijing , china cnn 8212 the official death toll from the may 12 earthquake in china stood at 69 , 181 as of sunday , state media reported ."
"he also took a veiled swipe at zuma , saying the anc needed leadership seized with ethical fervor ."
the figure is up from last year s 646 billion won and 490 . 2 billion won in 2006 .
"based on those principles , i intend to build my relationship with the state duma . i expect that you will take the same attitude and the same approach ."
"more than half of yellowstone national park s bison herd has died since last fall , forcing the government to suspend its annual slaughter program ."
"however , without mature conditions for such an option and due to strong objection by its allies , a u . s . military campaign remains an unfeasible plan for the time being , officials and experts said yesterday ."
"we are not surprised nor concerned with lisa nowak being fired as an astronaut or whether or not she wore a diaper , said shipman s lawyer , kepler funk , in a written statement . we continue to focus our concern on colleen shipman as a crime victim ."
"the proposals run from the simple reduce weight , improve aerodynamics to the incredible one company wants to borrow a few tricks from jet engines ."
why they re good for you
"according to the chosun ilbo , the recent issue of newsweek magazine reported that president roh moo hyun s continuing pursuit of mega projects such as the administrative capital transfer that need excessive government fund spending may lead korea into a debtor status ."
"ruud van nistelrooy opened the scoring for the dutch after 28 minutes but , with the home side squandering a host of chances , christian poulsen levelled 10 minutes after the break ."
"the first after his original car was stolen , and the second three months later after two armed men pointed guns at him , got in and drove off with cruz inside ."
"the mother said she hid the bodies in different places , including a refrigerator , to avoid being discovered and brought them with her when they moved house a year ago ."
"the top 12 movies hauled in 95 . 4 million , up 42 percent from the same weekend a year ago , when the game plan was no . 1 with 16 . 6 million ."
"dan rather filed a 70 million lawsuit wednesday against cbs , alleging the network made him a scapegoat for a discredited story about president bush s national guard service ."
"if they don t complete their self described objectives , they lose the money ."
"the new poll , conducted after the broadcast attracted an estimated 8 . 9 million viewers , had royal closing the gap on sarkozy and even besting him in the first round of the two round election ."
"clooney was injured , along with his companion sarah larson , when the motorcycle they were riding collided with a car in weehawken , n . j . clooney suffered a broken rib and skin abrasions and larson broke her foot ."
a british newspaper splashed photos of singer amy winehouse bloody and bruised across its friday edition after she allegedly had a fight with her husband .
jimmy carter reiterated the sentiments of many democratic party leaders on sunday by saying that it would be a serious mistake for superdelegates to choose the candidate with fewer total delegates .
a furious crowd surrounded the police station in rio bonito and reportedly tried to lynch her .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the protest came as opposition leader nawaz sharif tried to breach security outside the home of the former chief justice iftikhar muhammed chaudhry in islamabad to try to meet with him .
the government plans to reduce soldiers from iraq .
chirac asked .
the south korean boats were being escorted to yemen under the guard of the us navy .
this a much bigger figure than the eight who registered in 1987 and the eight who registered in 1992 .
"the overall economy is still contracting very sharply , and we are shedding jobs at a rapid pace ."
"taliban insurgents reportedly killed another male hostage early tuesday , seoul time , and threatened to kill more unless the afghan government releases imprisoned islamic terrorists ."
the active duty u . s .
south korea has a history of leniency toward corporate titans .
"a member of staff took the papers out of the office when they should not have and left them on a train , cabinet office spokesman james o sullivan told cnn ."
"but his party s main rival , fretilin , denounced the decision as illegal ."
"when he came out , the taliban planted a mine , which killed him , ahmadi said in a phone call from an undisclosed location ."
gm says it needs 4 billion just to make it to next month .
"they especially criticized the holding of female hostages , as most of the 21 christian aid workers being held under threat of death are women ."
"one week after vowing to crack down on tax defiers , the justice department filed court papers seeking the maximum penalty for the three misdemeanor counts on which snipes was convicted ."
"but travelers will have to be patient for a chance to fly there on a plane in asiana livery the new route will be available only in march 2008 , when the total number of korean carrier flights from seoul will increase from seven per week to 10 ."
"a helicopter crew that arrived late saturday found about a dozen of the whales injured but alive , said warwick brennan , a spokesman for the service ."
"cnn a strike by construction workers in one of the world s fastest growing financial centers stretched into a third day monday , with workers in the united arab emirates demanding better pay and working conditions , police said ."
"without a clear threat , nothing could be done , however , and roy made the decision to take him on in a one on one setting ."
"colombo , sri lanka cnn the maldives government will discuss awarding a national honor to a 15 year old boy scout who foiled an assassination attempt on the leader of their tiny nation by grabbing an attacker s knife , an official said wednesday ."
"the standardized inventory , known as the npi , asks for responses to such statements as if i ruled the world , it would be a better place , i think i am a special person and i can live my life any way i want to ."
"the oil tanker split in half and spilled more than 1 , 000 tons of fuel oil , and environmentalists expressed concern that the effects of the spill would last for years ."
"cheema said the bomber apparently was unable to get through security to attend bhutto s rally , so he carried out the attack as she left the rawalpindi park ."
prince charles already has said he will skip the olympics .
the ap s rita foley is live in washington to tell us about it
"it s tragic and sad that , you know , any human being would want to murder any other group of human beings ."
the trading day begins with a bit of an upswing .
"i started building them when i was a kid . we had a competition in the neighborhood to build the coolest tent , wapenaar told cnn ."
"algeria s prime minster was not hurt , but 12 people were killed and 118 were wounded"
"earlier , a witness testifying by videolink from paris recalled seeing motorcycles chasing a mercedes at high speed on the night diana died ."
de jesus says he learned he was jesus reincarnate when he was visited in a dream by angels .
"sommeliers know everything about wines , from the vineyards they were pressed in to the best entr eacute es to pair them with ."
"it s a full court press to observe what s going on on the earth , he said . when it comes to health and disasters , we can t afford to be wrong a lot of the time . we have got to get ahead of it ."
"take a picnic and climb up to the top of the gardens , congratulate yourself on escaping the crowds and admire the view ."
the longest stay in space was 437 days by russian valeri polyakov .
brazilian newspapers on wednesday ran front page photos of adriana almeida wearing a t shirt and wraparound designer sunglasses being escorted to jail from a hotel in a luxury seaside community near rio de janeiro .
"howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation ."
"north korea yesterday called a joint military exercise by south korea and the united states an act of war , saying it would take pre emptive action if necessary in spite of the 53 year old cease fire treaty ."
the trekking route was dotted with monuments celebrating the historic visit by the senior kim in 1947 .
"i had never thought , in my lifetime , to see anything that would bear even a faint resemblance to the beginning of the great depression , but this crisis does bear some resemblance to that ."
cnn you can do it without knives or needles .
"london based human rights group amnesty international denounced the latest executions , saying that president hamid karzai had assured"
"korea s chief negotiator , kim jong hoon , and his u . s . counterpart , wendy cutler , opened high level talks to minimize as many differences as possible ."
"the bad news , jon , covers joblessness and consumer spending ."
"kowalski is a recognizable type , the gruff , sometimes bigoted old man who may be hiding more heart than he lets on ."
the civic group said it will file complaints against the board members of hyundai glovis and gwangju shinsegae department store on charges of condoning the unfair deals .
photos released by the chilean navy showed the ship lying nearly on its side surrounded by floating blocks of ice .
the player s life was saved thanks to the rapid intervention of the club doctors and the red cross because he had a number of cardiac arrests .
"i am going to raise an international cooperation fund worth up to 40 billion that s entirely to assist the north , lee promised ."
"they detained two monks , one from each denomination , rosenfeld said ."
"no negotiations were planned on march 8 , and each side met privately with its own members to assess the situation ."
"bp expects to restart on monday 10 , 000 barrels per day of alaskan oil production at its giant prudhoe bay oil field , halted on june 18 for a pipe leak , a bp spokesman said ."
"opposition leader morgan tsvangirai said he is closely monitoring developments from harare , zimbabwe s capital ."
"that wasn t a wild pig , rhonda blissitt said ."
"i would play my role in iraq in whatever capacity is required to change iraq into an unsectarian country , to a peaceful country , to a democratic country , allawi said ."
only one case of autism was found when testing the brain function of 1400 children 10 years after thousands of healthy italian babies got two different amounts of the preservative in a study of whooping cough vaccine .
"the state department also lists burma , cuba , equatorial guinea , iran , north korea , sudan , syria , uzbekistan and venezuela as tier 3 countries , defined as those whose governments do not fully comply with the minimum standards set by american law and are not making significant efforts to do so ."
"in mid november , co founder jerry yang stepped down after failed attempts to improve the company s performance ."
"north korea has agreed to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor within three weeks , us nuclear envoy christopher hill said after talks in pyongyang ."
"the unemployed resident of beijing was reportedly unhappy with the punishment he received after being convicted of stealing a bicycle , when he launched his attack on the station , police said ."
both hijackers eventually surrendered to turkish authorities .
the deal follows agreement over north korean nuclear activities .
"in its april 2007 response to a landmine monitor questionnaire , south korea acknowledged for the first time that it has begun production of self destructing antipersonnel mines , the report said ."
"protesters gathered outside the french supermarket carrefour in several chinese cities including the northwestern city xi an , and the northeastern city harbin and eastern city jinan , the agency reported ."
"when countries at the same level of economic development are compared , those where health care is organized around the tenets of primary health care produce a higher level of health for the same investment , the report says ."
presidential spokesman cheon ho seon ruled out the poss ibility of any surprises in the forthcoming summit .
"thirty three countries are projected to be smaller at mid century than today japan losing 14 percent of its population , italy 22 percent of its population , and bulgaria , estonia , georgia , latvia , russia and ukraine between 30 and 50 percent of their populations ."
"job cuts announced by u . s . employers rose to 112 , 884 in october from 95 , 094 in september according to outplacement firm challenger , gray christmas ."
"contrary to widespread misconceptions , americans pride in their country is not evangelistic ."
play was halted just before 1600 local time and was called off for the day at 1915 with defending champion roger federer level with spain s juan carlos ferrero 5 5 in the first set of their quarter final on centre court .
"if you know what is within the moat , you won t go skinny dipping there , he said , referring to emperor akihito , who lives in the palace ."
"at least 17 people have been killed in a fourth day of gun battles in the gaza strip between the rival palestinian factions , fatah and hamas ."
thomas neubert headed in a free kick from david solga corner to put the amateur side ahead .
"yeosu , a port city about 455 kilometers south of seoul , has been pushing to host the 2012 international exposition after losing to shanghai , china in the bidding for the 2010 event ."
most other national polls show obama with a lead ranging between 5 points and double digits .
"when they return , officials check bags for items deemed distracting"
"i am hopeful that this government will maintain the political peace in pakistan , and will maintain the fast pace of pakistan s socio economic development ."
"until october 23 , the comet had been visible to modern astronomers only with a telescope , but that night it suddenly erupted and expanded ."
"but much remains to be done , she cautioned ."
u . s . director of national intelligence michael mcconnell said during an appearance tuesday at harvard university that the mumbai attacks were carried out by the same group responsible for the parliament attack and a series of bomb explosions aboard trains and at railway stations in mumbai in 2006 though he didn t specifically name let .
"from big name financial service outfits to no name repair shops , businesses are responding to a collective impatience ."
"the baftas are held two weeks before the oscars and winslet looks set to build on her success at the golden globes , where she picked up awards for the reader and revolutionary road ."
jamaica s electrical grid was shut down sunday in preparation for hurricane dean which is classified as a category 4 storm .
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2781293 despite their fearsome reputation , piranhas are wimps that gather in large shoals to protect themselves from predators , scientists said on monday ."
gaze into the distance and you can see aquamarine waves crashing on a white sand beach .
"the system was built with a fully redundant backup channel called side b , designed to come online in the event side a ever failed ."
winehouse had spent the afternoon signing autographs for canadian fans who were standing outside her house . she collapsed after they left .
"international olympic committee head jacques rogge has said he is very concerned about unrest in tibet , but downplayed talk of a boycott of the beijing games ."
"now , some officials in new york are considering the same kind of system ."
"the men were linked to a vehicle that police think was used by one of the attackers who threw a grenade at the convoy late thursday , causing bhutto s campaign bus to come to a halt , said a senior investigator who spoke saturday on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the investigation ."
north korea says progress was made during a visit this week by a u . s . delegation meant to resolve stalled talks on its nuclear program .
"a small plane carrying tourists from germany and australia hit a fence and caught fire in nepal s everest region wednesday morning , killing 18 of 19 people on board , officials said ."
"they can try to spin a 6 point loss into whatever they want , clinton campaign spokesman howard wolfson said on the same program . but the fact is , sen . clinton won a resounding victory ."
"in 1937 , wyman married a wealthy manufacturer of children s clothes , myron futterman , in new orleans . she divorced him in november 1938 , declaring she wanted children and he didn t ."
draft likely to be reduced
"charisma matters more or less , depending on the business ."
"i am hopeful that today s vote will help the administration see the light and release the information to which the judiciary committee is entitled , said house speaker nancy pelosi , a democrat ."
world no . 1 nadal pulls out of masters cup
korea to double african aid by . . .
"on thursday , labour said brown had won the support of 313 of the party s 353 lawmakers and declared nominations closed ."
"with more than 300 homes totally destroyed in kashiwazaki alone , it was unclear when people could go home and worries were mounting about the health of evacuees , many of whom are elderly ."
"in reality , no documents support that myth ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
victory came as a timely boost for manager rafa benitez who heard this week that his job had been offered to juergen klinsmann .
critics blame the rise on overstretched hospitals that do not have enough money or capacity to catch superbug infections early .
"other tv winners included richard shepard for comedy directing on the pilot episode of ugly betty , jon cassar for drama directing for an episode of 24 , and chicago filmmaker rob marshall for musical variety directing for tony bennett"
"ali hassan al majeed aka chemical ali , sultan hashem ahmed and hussein rashid were sentenced to death in june for their roles in the 1988 anfal campaign , an iraqi army operation in kurdish dominated northern iraq that killed tens of thousands of people ."
"japanese internet users routinely tap yahoo , aol and other silicon valley inventions to help them circulate in cyberspace ."
"but this is so cool , it doesn t bother me , he said ."
. . . there has not been a lot of publicity .
"longoria s spokeswoman , liza anderson , would only tell the associated press , in an e mail , that the wedding will be a big , happy ceremony with lots of family and friends ."
"the presidential vote called after saakashvili was criticized for a crackdown against violent anti government protests in november won the backing of international observers , who said it was , in essence , consistent with most international standards ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
about 29 percent of the respondents picked south korea as a place they intend to visit in two years .
but it was never implemented because of the financial row .
"a total of 864 people were on board the princess of the stars 8211 including 725 passengers , according to the ship s owner , sulpicio lines ."
"i hear a lot of criticism , but i never hear anything in response ."
mississippi governor haley barbour in the gop s address says the obama budget is a threat to the economic future
the purge has begun .
"assisted suicide is illegal in france , however ."
"park jae wan of the largest opposition grand national party claims to have researched online communities that link entertainment places and people for the past six months and found that 40 , 000 to 60 , 000 illegal korean emigrants reside in japan ."
"it dates back to biblical times but , the great soap related hygiene revolution didn t happen until the mid 19th century when ignaz semmelweis , a sharp hungarian doctor working in vienna , noticed babies died more often after they were delivered by medical students rather than midwives ."
"we were looking for songs that feel like now but sound like back then , she said ."
"this is the second time the bronze landmark has been defaced since march , also during protests ."
"palestinian militants who infiltrated israel from gaza killed two israeli civilians and wounded several others wednesday , israeli police and ambulance services told cnn ."
"chaudhry has issued key rulings that have weakened musharraf s grip on power including lifting the exile imposed on sharif , an outspoken critic of musharraf , the man who ousted him from power in a 1999 military coup ."
"tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama has been cleared to resume international travel after a medical checkup showed he has recovered from a recent abdominal ailment , his spokesman said ."
"david sherborne , representing al khalifa , says the case would mainly hinge on the nature of jackson s friendship with the sheikh ."
"kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov condemned the comments as a criminal offence and hoped they would prompt questions about berezovsky s refugee status in britain , the guardian said ."
"but nigel lythgoe , an executive producer for the show , downplayed speculation that the lack of alternative programming as a result of the strike could equal more viewers for idol ."
he urged all parties to recommit to a peaceful resolution to the conflict and to prepare for peace talks in libya in october .
"after having cordoned off the area , they opened the package with bomb disposal equipment , only to find the battery operated device inside ."
"according to the internet based voluntary agency network of korea vank , the cia began marking dokdo , or takeshima in japanese , as the liancourt rocks on its country report in 2004 , titling toward japan s position that no state has sovereignty over the islets ."
"former seoul mayor , 66 year old lee myung bak monday won the main opposition grand national party s gnp nomination to compete in the dec ."
"while richard garriott said the flight was a fulfillment of his dream to follow in his father s footsteps , he said he will also try to make it a commercial success ."
"one of the boy s legs , which was partially severed by the blast , was amputated , and doctors said they were unsure whether they could save his other leg , barzilai hospital in ashkelon said sunday , according to the associated press ."
seoul officials have been quick to deny persistent media reports .
flying with the flu ?
paying in cash is more attractive to the merchant .
"it s true that beijing is going to be tough with the olympic games with the problem i have , but now it seems that everything is under control , which is important because the olympic games remain a very important goal for me in 2008 , henin said ."
"the 21 year old model actress beat out the likes of angelina jolie no . 12 , rihanna no . 14 , kim kardashian no . 17 , paris hilton no . 77 and last year s champion , jessica alba no . 3 ."
"the scotland yard team , he said , will solve all the confusion surrounding how bhutto died last week ."
"the government has not made the public feel confident that damage resulting from the deal will be compensated for , he said in an interview with kbs tv sunday ."
"a team found the gold necklace near lake titicaca in peru , according to the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences ."
this is the first time that the two new defense chiefs have met since their inauguration .
"podesta pointed out that there is a lot the president can do without waiting for congress , and voters can expect to see obama do so to try and restore a sense that the country is working on behalf of the common good ."
"the bridge collapsed because there were hundreds of people on it , said nepalese police officer nibandha budha . they had gone to the river for a three day hindu religious festival on the occasion of full moon ."
"in april 2006 , he was given an 18 month jail sentence suspended for two years and fined 13 million won after being found guilty of starting a fire that demolished part of changgyeong palace in seoul , a world heritage site ."
"it s amazing , its just gone , lloyd told good morning america ."
"without any intervention , pentagon officials have said they believe the satellite would come down on its own in early march ."
all 30 dow components ended lower .
"the issue of the internet and the spinoff of that has been literally crippling our investigation , boren said . police said publicity about sander s explicit photos brought a flood of tips , many of them false leads ."
"peta president ingrid newkirk said in a statement , we applaud the folks at city crab and seafood for their compassionate decision to allow this noble old timer to live out his days in freedom and peace ."
"cnn after days of stonewalling , the myanmar government is ready to accept aid from around the world for victims of saturday s deadly cyclone , the country s u . n . ambassador said friday ."
flying with the flu ?
"he has already served three years , according to his attorney , joseph tacopina ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"south korea s fourth commercial , and first military purpose satellite koreasat 5 will be launched into orbit from the southern pacific ocean near hawaii in july , korea telecom announced on monday ."
illinois gov . rod blagojevich appeared in court tuesday afternoon to hear federal corruption charges against him .
"li yizhong , minister of the state administration of work safety , said last week he was unaware of work related deaths on the project but promised to investigate ."
"harmony was born while he was overseas , police said ."
cowen is expected to reshuffle the cabinet within hours .
i suspect it will be very similar in the debates .
"this attack happened in tal afar , which is a city that has been plagued by a number of recent bombings"
"while tribal elders tried to mediate between the militants and government negotiators , afghan forces have surrounded the group of some 70 kidnappers in the qarabagh area of ghazni province , south of the capital kabul ."
"after the ceremony , harry and his comrades marched across windsor from their barracks to a church for a thanksgiving service ."
"they didn t land , they didn t know whether they would ever get home , but as they circled the moon , taking the famous earthrise picture that some people still have on their computer desktops today , they read from the bible , from the book of genesis ."
"he pulled out of the election , citing political violence and intimidation ."
malaysian transport minister chan kong choy expressed dismay at the breach of security at malaysia s main airport .
"otherwise we cannot survive with this situation , he told ap ."
the first mobile phone powered by google has gone on sale in the uk
their vessel was found adrift in south korean waters on saturday .
"the guinness record book now lists only the tallest man in the world , but bell will be noted along with the tallest men in several other countries in the edition to be published next year ."
"as a result , ethiopia s donkeys live an average of 9 years , while donkeys in kenya and"
the korea times reports the international atomic energy agency has been investigating a secret nuclear fuel experiment conducted by a few south korean scientists in 2000 .
"the free tibet campaign , one of the groups planning to demonstrate sunday , said it welcomed news that the chinese ambassador was considering staying out of the ceremony ."
indian prime minister manmohan singh has arrived in china for a three day visit aimed at improving the strained relations between the two countries .
he said the u . n . world food program plans to raise 750 million per year to help feed 73 million people in 80 countries .
about 20 american soldiers from the 2nd infantry division and 100 south korean soldiers crossed a pontoon bridge over the han river in seoul as part of the combined exercises .
"while denying the immediacy , the official left open the possibility that washington might take steps to add more pressure on the isolated north , which he said should be understood as an extension of the july 16 u . n ."
the lab used a technique aimed at detecting exogenous testosterone as opposed to the male sex hormone naturally contained in the body .
"in a speech to us war veterans in reno , nevada , bush renewed charges that tehran has provided training and weapons for extremists in iraq ."
the motown legend on pbs talked about what obama s election means to black kids
a lot of public schools are closed in massachusetts today .
he has been on trial since last december after three month investigations into his alleged connections with communist north korea .
"another was killed on mount surak in the nearby city of uijeongbu , also around noon ."
thrill junkies know bear grylls
sweethearts in the italian capital have adopted a new ritual as a symbol of undying love hanging a padlock on a lamppost on the city s most ancient bridge and throwing the key into the tiber .
"comedian russell brand , 33 , and talkshow host jonathan ross , 47 , have been at the center of a row after they attempted to contact comedy actor andrew sachs for an interview on brand s weekend radio 2 show earlier this month ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"meet paris hilton , grown up ."
"after approving the move by an overwhelming vote , the body said it would send a letter to 60 year old king gyanendra and his family informing them that they have 15 days to vacate the royal palace ."
wilfried thiesen wrote that he had found a class ring bearing the college s name while diving off mauritius .
"dementieva , who was unseeded , was winning her second title of 2007 and will move back into the world top 10 ."
"scientists in italy have discovered 350 , 000 year old tracks that may be the oldest known footprints made by stone age man ."
but glenn was stunned when he saw what his hunting dogs had chased up to a high mountain perch .
fujimoto aims to prepare his students to operate the urban hydroponic businesses that he thinks will gain importance in the future .
it got dubya elected . he did very well with that .
"malaysia and regional grouping asean also oppose sanctions , which are being called for by the us , uk and france ."
"his book , happiness"
"when a new president strolls into the white house , there s a kick in his step and a twinkle in his eyes ."
"they wear athletic shoes , baggy t shirts and track suits ."
the attacks come after days of sectarian tensions that have left at least 165 dead since wednesday .
he immediately put signing the kyoto protocol on curbing greenhouse gas emissions at the top of his international agenda .
hilton was ordered earlier this month to report to jail by june 5 for violating the terms of her probation in an alcohol related reckless driving case .
"he also did not say where the united states stands on argentina s request for help from interpol , which must decide in the coming weeks whether to issue global alerts for the arrests ."
"this year s celebrations are expected to be the largest for some time , a huge display of confidence after a period of uncertainty both at home and abroad , says the bbc s seoul correspondent charles scanlon ."
the title is a familiar phrase for fans of the series that starred david duchovny and gillian anderson as fbi agents chasing after aliens and supernatural happenings .
"artist and fashion designer feng ling , a transplant from south china s chengdu , has a studio in 798 and a house in the suburbs ."
"olmert said the intelligence report launched an exaggerated debate that caused some to believe it signaled a u . s . retreat from its support of israel , a belief the prime minister called groundless ."
"new safety policies and procedures have been announced by toy giant mattel , following the recall of millions of toys made in china ."
a powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7 . 1 struck japan s northern island of hokkaido .
especially when they fly on a c 130 hercules military plane .
according to the korea times . roh made the extraordinary statement during a speech at an air force academy commencement ceremony .
"there is no indication of a ground operation inside gaza , but a senior military official said the air raids would continue and that troops around gaza will be activated if needed ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the beijing city government stopped giving out new rickshaw licenses a few years ago , so most are illegal but police generally turn a blind eye especially if a foreigner is on board ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"we consider . . . having him weightless for 25 seconds is a successful mission , said peter diamandis , the chairman and ceo of zero gravity . if we do more than one , fantastic ."
"seoul had said aid would resume whether or not pyongyang met the deadline , but it is now reviewing this , reports say ."
what do the automakers want ?
"japan and china have failed to make any progress in their dispute over energy resources in the east china sea , but have agreed to talk again ."
"the united states has regularly criticized germany , france , italy and other allies that refuse to allow their troops in afghanistan to join u . s . forces on the front line against the taliban in the insurgents southern strongholds ."
"washington cnn iran remains a danger to the world even though it stopped a program to develop a nuclear weapon four years ago , president bush said tuesday ."
a confidante of princess diana said thursday that prince philip wrote two letters to the princess which were derogatory and cruel .
"again , the online town hall will be tomorrow , we think some time during the morning , but no firm time yet ."
"looks a little like mac os 10 , but ballmer indicates he s not obsessing about apple"
3 . lend a hand
"during simpson s hearing wednesday morning , judge joe bonaventure read the charges against the former football star ."
the move came hours before pakistani president pervez musharraf s hand picked caretaker government was to be sworn in .
"london , england cnn david beckham will miss england s two european championship qualifiers in september after suffering a sprained medial collateral ligament in his right knee , which will sideline him for six weeks ."
the rail s december 11 opening will also mark one of the first tangible results of a summit last month between south korean president roh moo hyun and north korean leader kim jong il in pyongyang .
"at 157 feet above sea level , the spot towers over neighboring islands and boasts a view spanning boston s skyline and the 40 miles between salem to the north and the blue hills reservation to the south ."
"fire marshals were at the scene trying to determine the cause , but trooper bruce morris told the ap the fire did not appear to be suspicious ."
brazilian model ana carolina reston died in november at age 21 .
"meanwhile , us president george w bush is expected to back a limited withdrawal of troops in an address on his iraq war strategy ."
iran has denied those assertions .
but participating in the worlds is not a compulsory task for liu .
north korean delegation had a courtesy visit to the blue house .
president roh moo hyun reorganized cheong wa dae yesterday in what is seen as a move to reshape the ruling camp and promote smoother relations with parliament and the people .
too far along to have an abortion in romania 8212
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
a lawmaker from the millennium democratic party is seeking to pass a bill that will require lobbyists in south korea to register themselves and report their interactions with politicians or government officials .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"a four point seven magnitude earthquake shook the region sunday , but no injuries or damage were reported ."
an afghan intelligence official has said that about 100 people were rounded up for questioning after the attack sunday .
"the daily savings is equal to the amount of electricity consumed by a typical 2 , 000 square foot house in a month ."
"a joint team from the national intelligence service and the defense security command is investigating a case in which 250 confidential documents of the defense acquisition program administration , outlining vital defense development projects , were recently posted on the internet ."
"the device exploded shortly after 4 a . m . 7 a . m . et on the second floor of a parking garage behind the luxor hotel casino , said officer bill cassell , a police spokesman ."
"the stock exchange of hong kong indefinitely halted trading in gome electrical appliances holding ltd . amid reports of a police investigation of wong kwong yu , the company s chairman , executive director and controlling shareholder , the company said in a statement ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"in a video that made the rounds on the internet in february , a student asked the president of cuba s national assembly why cubans could not travel freely to such resorts ."
"at the nodes of this all encompassing web of objects is rfid radio frequency identity technology , which allows things to be read by an nfc near field communication scanner , bar code style , as well as to store information about themselves and their relationship with their environment , over time ."
"the deal , announced at a boeing event in seattle the day before the first 787 is unveiled , is the biggest single order for the lightweight , fuel efficient plane from a european carrier ."
"harry served for about 10 weeks in helmand province earlier this year before details of his deployment were reported around the world , having intended to complete a four month detachment ."
"it s not uh , appropriate , i think , to think of lower gas prices as stimulus , but as , really , as cushioning , uh , as the economic environment has uh , turned very recessionary ."
his mother died when he was ten years old and his father became what is now known as a single parent .
"cao is expected to meet his newly installed counterpart , masahiko komura , and inspect japanese self defense force troops ."
"i am ecstatic about the fact that we can say we have made remarkable progress along those lines , tancredo said during a press conference in des moines , iowa . according to newsweek , the tancredo campaign has already won ."
living in a cage in hong kong
more than 10 million are said to have died .
living in a cage in hong kong
"philips , the world s largest lighting company , uses ultraviolet light for the water purifier and leds , or light emitting diodes , for the illuminating glass surface ."
800 884 7683 or groveisle . com .
the three leaders are scheduled to meet again wednesday .
"in a separate development on monday , one palestinian was killed and several injured after palestinian gunmen and israeli soldiers exchanged fire at the erez crossing , the israeli rescue service and palestinian medics said ."
"floor leaders of the ruling uri party and the main opposition grand national party gnp monday agreed to normalize parliamentary sessions on wednesday , the korea times quoted officials at both parties as saying monday ."
"bush is expected to announce that he plans to reduce us troops in iraq by about 30 , 000 by next summer , if certain conditions are met , white house officials say ."
"at camp pendleton , near oceanside , a fire has burned more than 3 , 000 acres and forced the evacuation of marines from their barracks and other personnel from the base ."
"with its anonymous skyline and mind numbing traffic , seoul may not seem like a sci fi city ."
"democrats have gained the final seat in the battle for the us senate , sealing their mid term poll victory in both houses of congress ."
"kim jae yun , an uri party member and a member of the national assembly s culture and tourism committee , in apparent ignorance of the fact that the incident happened during a live broadcast ."
"arlington , virginia cnn a suburban washington man was bitten monday by a rattlesnake that found its way into his luggage , a fire department spokesman said ."
"that opium poppy plantations are spreading throughout the golden triangle , the area where the borders of thailand , laos and myanmar meet ."
"white house spokesman scott mcclellan refused to discuss the contents of the memo but said that up until the last moment , president bush was interested in pursuing a diplomatic solution to the iraq issue ."
"rooney had set up steven gerrard to put england ahead early in the group six match at the dinamo stadium , the liverpool star curling his shot home from 25 meters ."
"the korea medical association said about 5 , 000 members in the two cities participated in the three hour rally outside the government complex in gwacheon demanding the government scrap the revision ."
"while the wind at the top could drag a kite flier , the beach below is ideal for sunbathing ."
"bush s next cancer scan will be in three years , his press secretary added , saying that is the typical interval between exams given the amount of growths found this time ."
also the campaigns and independent groups working here are making aggressive outreach efforts through phone banks and canvassing .
"it is speculation , but we are looking at a number of options , a palace spokeswoman said monday ."
"as both houses of parliament closed ahead of upper house elections on 29 july , abe conceded"
iraqi police also found and defused an explosive device in a van parked near an air base in central baghdad .
"and long anticipated change from the current rules , under which you can cross the border with either a passport , passport card or a government issued photo id , such as a driver s license , along with proof of citizenship , such as a birth certificate ."
the indian navy says commandos carried to the ship by a helicopter captured 23 of the pirates .
"argentine president cristina fernandez was unswayed , referring to the growers demands as extortion and saying the increases on agricultural products are justified ."
"26 . 5 million stolen from the northern bank headquarters in belfast , northern ireland , in 2004 ."
"the report was submitted to arroyo last month but the government has not made it public , saying it was incomplete ."
shukor is to return to earth on october 21 with two russian members of the current space station crew .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
gaskill says it is important to let guests know not to leave their medications in an open suitcase or otherwise exposed .
"but , the government says , there will be no relocation for families like hanso devi s because they do not meet relocation requirements ."
"taiwan s ruling party said last week it would not accept a place on the torch relay if the flame entered or exited the island via mainland china or hong kong and macau , which are special administrative regions ruled by beijing ."
png is in the grip of an hiv aids epidemic the worst in the region .
oil refineries and gas stations are enjoying increasing sales margin .
"they stripped her naked , bound her hands and legs , stuffed a cloth in her mouth , tied her to a log and set her on fire , kauba said ."
manchester united came from behind to beat ac milan 3 2 in the first leg of a dramatic champions league semifinal at old trafford on tuesday with wayne rooney scoring the winner in stoppage time .
he said thousands of u . s . and iraqi soldiers backed by everything from air support to dog teams are searching for the soldiers .
ahtisaari twice worked to find a solution in kosovo first in 1999 and again between 2005 and 2007 .
south korea maintains a mandatory draft system under which all able bodied men over 20 must serve in the military for 24 to 27 months .
"the fbi is investigating , one of the sources confirmed to cnn ."
"yoo , who is still banned from returning to korea after allegedly dodging military enlistment , is releasing a special korean version of his album , due to the request of his fans ."
"on wall street , everything is just about even ."
he said it was unclear what was the exact cause of death and added that berlin wanted the remains returned to germany as soon as possible for a closer examination .
"as the ap s sagher magani reports , it comes at an international conference on afghanistan being held at the hague"
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
melatonin improves the quality of sleep and dulls the awakening signal in the body clock .
the idea is to acclimatize to the new time zone as quickly as possible .
"they are also among the most likely to have university degrees , according to annual education report from the oecd ."
four police officers were killed and 6 civilians wounded when a suicide car bomber exploded at an iraqi police checkpoint in southern baghdad
obama s vacationing in hawaii and has no plans to speak publicly about the report .
"as he left the ibero american summit in chile s capital , santiago , chavez questioned whether spain s ambassador had appeared with venezuelan interim president pedro carmona during the two day coup in 2002 with the monarch s blessing ."
"i wanted to stay away from oh , put your hands all over me type thing , because i haven t experienced that yet so the fact that i would sing it would be really dumb plus i don t feel comfortable singing stuff like that , sparks , who turns 18 in december , said with a giggle ."
"the north korea democratic people s republic of korea under 17 women s team has just won the fifa world cup , beating england in the semi final and shocking the u . s . in the final to be champions ."
"the second group of hostages was then released in the shabaz area of ghazni province , close to the village of ghazni itself ."
restaurants and other so called places of conviviality were given an extra 11 months to apply a full ban .
name dropping some possibilities for the supreme court
they had been suspended in 2005 .
their final meeting before tuesday s primary in pennsylvania .
"on december 23 , the emperor s birthday , and on january 2 , the public is allowed into the grounds of the imperial palace , with the royal family greeting visitors from a distance ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"twitpay was one of several projects in development at startup weekend , held november 7 9 in atlanta , georgia ."
"the assault charges carry a maximum sentence of six months in prison and or a fine of up to 10 , 000 . the other charges are punishable by a fine ."
"he closed out with a special version of glory days that made springsteen s old high school buddy a big football player instead of baseball , one who threw a hail mary instead of a speedball ."
al maliki also addressed his government s position toward militias and troop levels in his country .
many questions remain about that approach .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"on one wall in the exhibit stands a large diorama presented to stalin on his 70th birthday , in 1949 ."
"yoon je yong , engineering professor at the school , will emphasize pollution and other environmental problems it could cause ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"currently 182 , 000 people in anhui are working to control flooding in the huai , xinhua said ."
"when she and her daughter finally found a new doctor , he said her daughter didn t have irritable bowel syndrome at all she had ulcerative colitis ."
it was worse right after the twins were born .
experts say the youth vote was important
. . . i have a really wonderful family that s very supportive .
"beds are , you know , mattresses are pretty much all wet and dressers , you know on the bottom and there s mud everywhere , thick mud ."
"everyone on board is believed to have exited the airbus a320 , the federal aviation administration said ."
henry was picked up from a local zoo along with seven other octopodes for a new exhibit at the center .
spears was in stop and go traffic when her car struck a 2006 nissan in front of her that had stopped .
"in 1994 , a japanese business bought locke company , saving it from a shutdown ."
they have a special team on standby to race to any emergency .
they can t stand to be around their baby . . . they can t stand the smell or the sound of their child screaming .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
velasquez said colombia s government will fulfill its word of freeing jailed rebels if the farc releases hostages .
"reuters reports the win for obama , who would be the first black u . s . president , extended his lead over clinton in pledged delegates to the august nominating convention ."
the former football star gained international notoriety in 1995 when he was tried and acquitted of murdering his ex wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman .
"they have looked after us and made sure that we re getting enough food , and we ve been treated very well by them , so we thank them for that ."
"so far , only 17 of the 68 bodies have been identified 13 pakistanis and four indians , arora said ."
turkey for thanksgiving .
living in a cage in hong kong
"flight itineraries show the pair flew from spokane , washington , to bangkok on november 4 5 , 2007 , with stops in seattle , washington , and inchon , south korea ."
use your brain or lose it .
"astro boy , another cartoon icon , was named last november as ambassador for overseas safety ."
"in their first three games , roma have scored seven goals and conceded none ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"there s a lot of money floating around , a lot of people involved . once the infrastructure and networks are in place , you start building that foundation , which can be further leveraged and taken to next level denial of services , cyber warfare , espionage ."
"i think he s probably on shaky grounds now , at least with the congress and a lot of the american people ."
"i was the producer , always the producer ."
"the former england captain started in a milan midfield that also featured andrea pirlo , massimo ambrosini and ronaldinho before being substituted at half time ."
ex we must try to curtail our spending .
"by saturday afternoon , the official death toll from the quake had risen to 69 , 170 , xinhua said . another 374 , 159 people were injured and 17 , 428 are still missing ."
"the category 4 cyclone raked bangladesh s southwest coast on thursday with maximum sustained winds of 241 km h 150 mph , destroying fishermen s hamlets and villages ."
"developing countries are likely to demand that richer countries help them adapt to warming global temperatures , which are expected to cause widespread flooding , droughts and rising sea levels ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
what particularly troubles peiser is that scientists only first spotted 2001 yb5 in early december .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
prosecutors said they are searching for a man who broke into open safety deposit boxes in an abm amro bank in the city s diamond quarter .
"maintenance is more important than aesthetics , new york city cosmetic dentist steven fox advises ."
"like many of her counterparts on the ground , she took a couple of short breaks of a minute or two to stretch her legs or adjust her harness ."
"according to a girls gone wild press release , dupre visited miami in 2003 to celebrate her 18th birthday . after fighting with a friend and getting thrown out of her hotel , dupre found a nearby girls gone wild bus , the company said ."
"and while the price of spaghetti has doubled in haiti , the cost of miso is packing a hit in japan ."
it was unknown whether the tumor was benign or malignant .
the fate of the animal is not known .
"matteo garrone s gomorrah , a study of the criminal underworld in naples , took the grand prize , while paolo sorrentino s il divo , a lively portrait of former premier giulio andreotti , won the jury award ."
"further south in the western sumatran town of padang , the system was tested for the first time , with around 2 , 000 residents evacuated as part of the exercise ."
british airways in merger talks with qantas
the united states broke off diplomatic ties with iran in april 1980 in the midst of the seizure of the u . s . embassy .
ultranationalist challenger tomislav nikolic faces pro western incumbent boris tadic in a runoff sunday .
for that we go live at the white house with the ap s sauger magoni
"the picture warnings will replace the existing written warnings which warn smokers in brief , bold phrases about the dangers of smoking ."
"but while the health adjusted life expectancy in sierra leone is under 30 years of age , tajikistan s is almost 70"
"the controversy over wolfowitz s authorization of a hefty raise for his companion , middle east expert shaha riza , deepened rifts among bank staff already discontented over his anti corruption agenda and prompted sharp criticism from shareholder countries ."
"women are much more likely to come in with hundreds of pages of internet printouts under their arms , and they ve become convinced they have all sorts of diseases , she said ."
"for many , the historic election on november 4 marked a new beginning ."
defense secretary gates says russia s proposal that washington scrap its missile defense plans in eastern europe is unacceptable .
"thanks to a stipulation in her recording contract , the grammy winner has the luxury of setting her own pace with each project , another rarity in the music business ."
the bush administration halted fuel shipments agreed by the clinton white house after north korea said it was developing a nuclear weapons program in 2002 .
the prime minister added that he wanted a good relationship with russia .
"jewell , 44 , died of natural causes at his home in woodbury , georgia , according to meriwether county coroner johnny worley ."
"on wednesday , the contract fell 74 cents to settle at 97 . 29 a barrel during the new york floor session , retreating from an intraday record of 99 . 29 a barrel touched during electronic trading earlier in the day ."
"senior hamas official mahmoud al zahar also gave a televised address monday , saying the leadership in gaza salutes the resistance men and that their actions were justified because of what israel has done . they israeli forces shelled everyone in gaza ."
"police then fired tear gas towards the group , who were reportedly yelling fretilin !"
"few insurers , for example , factor in climate change related risks into their insurance premiums , the report said ."
"about 600 , 000 people voted in michigan and about 1 . 7 million in florida ."
"now , three months ahead of the summer tournament , trezeguet has another chance to stake his claim ."
"i express my sympathy toward the comfort women and apologize for the situation they found themselves in , abe told a parliamentary debate , using a euphemism used by japanese politicians to refer to former sex slaves ."
"in both studies , tasimelteon reduced the amount of time it took for them to fall asleep , and increased the amount of time they spent asleep ."
"but the asteroid , designated 2002 mn , is not in the same league as potential killer rocks measuring more than 0 . 6 miles in diameter , some of which are known to lurk in our space neighborhood between mars and venus ."
passengers flying with british airways have been advised to check flight information regularly before traveling to the airport .
"while supporters of the new law say it protects america from terrorists , critics say the law harms americans right to privacy ."
"they in london have 30 persons hiding who are wanted by our law enforcement bodies for committing grave and especially serious crimes , putin said . but london doesn t give a damn and gives refuge to people accused of committing especially serious crimes ."
"in 2006 , indian winemakers sold roughly 940 , 000 cases of wine domestically and 60 , 000 cases overseas , up from 530 , 000 domestic cases and 30 , 000 overseas in 2003 , according to industry figures ."
"in fact , years from now , your great great grandchildren could claim it ."
"nor will he relent on his calls for israel to dismantle its outposts in the west bank , he said ."
jerusalem cnn israel and germany strengthened their ties on monday in one of the highlights of german chancellor angela merkel s three day visit to mark the 60th anniversary of israel s creation .
the dry weather and 200 plus manicured golf courses create a real oasis in this desert valley .
"the report notes that the defense department has identified only combat troops for deployment in the increase but says , u . s . military operations also require substantial support forces , including personnel to staff headquarters , serve as military police and provide communications , contracting , engineering , intelligence , medical and other services ."
"it represented a 23 percent rise from last year s figure of 24 . 4 billion , while sales rose 12 percent to 356 billion ."
"items featured on osbourne s hit mtv show were the most popular , julien said ."
"other operations are in anbar province , to the west of baghdad , and in hotspots south of the capital ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
president george w bush is to tell nervous americans they can be confident about their long term economic future .
"on the one year anniversary of the dow s all time high of above 14 , 000 , the index closed about 7 percent down at about 8 , 500 ."
"the korea times reports south korea is aiming to wrap up talks with the united states on the relocation of the yongsan garrison in central seoul by as early as next month , according to a top foreign ministry official ."
"but eventually customers and the public will demand answers , they say ."
the 61 year old byun has long engaged in civic activities to promote the welfare of women and underprivileged citizens .
kilembe dismissed suggestions that he personally asked madonna for an air ticket .
german representatives schalke tackle barcelona in the other quarterfinal .
"the police chief has refused to resign after the deaths of two farmers , allegedly after injuries they sustained in battles with police during a protest in seoul last month ."
you end up on an emotional roller coaster .
"prior to her birth , he released a photo showing his bearded face and pregnant belly ."
"you couldn t ask for a more alarming declaration of noble intent than the authentically scraggly black beard leonardo dicaprio sports as roger ferris , cia point man in iraq , syria , jordan , dubai and other spots in the levant ."
the conversion from granite to grave marker rolls in 1 billion a year in total sales in the united states .
"among the various snakes , hidden in small cloth sacks , were two poisonous cobras , authorities said ."
"california independent peggy chilton says she s gone from leaning mccain to leaning obama , but what she d really like to see is both sides cooperating more in washington ."
once murray and his team of engineers have completed the design he will look to sell the license to build the t25 to motor manufacturers .
"one new focus of concern are the tiny particles , called pmios , which are emitted from vehicles ."
messi had 281 points and torres was on 179 .
"one source said russia had some concerns about appointing blair , but russian president vladimir putin personally approved blair s selection . blair refused to acknowledge the appointment when asked about it at a"
"under the deal approved tuesday , odinga will fill a newly created post of prime minister ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2785958
"even in the best case , he predicts a substantial slowdown in the us , with repercussions across the globe ."
the attack came as egypt s top intelligence official tried to negotiate an end to the violence between israel and militants in hamas controlled gaza .
it s a concrete sign that the u . s . takes the iranian threat against israel seriously .
"environmentalists say the indian state of jammu kashmir has lost more than 150 square kilometers 59 square miles out of 20 , 000 square kilometers 7 , 722 square miles of forest cover since 1989 ."
jin s transfer comes just six weeks before the opening of a communist party congress that occurs twice a decade .
south korea plans to send new troops to iraq despite opposition movement .
"in both studies , tasimelteon reduced the amount of time it took for them to fall asleep , and increased the amount of time they spent asleep ."
singing it would make sheryl crowe very happy if she got paid by radio stations every time they play one of her songs .
and not being able to get rid of it
"edwin j . feulner , president of heritage foundation , said that a regime change in n . k . is a long term goal for the bush administration ."
"i want to believe , said chris carter , the series creator and the movie s director and co writer ."
the al qaeda raids targeted two villages about 25 miles 40 kilometers north of baquba .
"royal wants to add social elements to the constitution text and put it to a referendum , a lengthy and potentially hazardous venture ."
"however , a senior u . s . military official said he understood talabani had a heart attack ."
"when asked about her future plans , morgan said with a smile , my first plan is to get rid of the room spinning , and that should happen pretty soon ."
some subjects will be taught in english to enable students to use the language .
the nation s household debts surged to 458 trillion won .
they were arrested over the weekend .
"kenneth marende was elected in a 105 101 vote over the government candidate , francis ole kaparo , who had been speaker since 1993 ."
"one man was arrested thursday after a minor scuffle ahead of the start of the olympic torch relay in australia , police said ."
"the march is the first reported since a government crackdown on peaceful pro democracy demonstrations in september , in which as many as 110 people are believed to have been killed , including 40 buddhist monks ."
fresh fighting between rival gangs broke out in a district of east timor s capital dili on sunday .
i bow my head before the survivors and i bow my head before you in tribute to the fact that you were able to survive .
"but unusual creatures are all in a day s drinking for the tavern , said bartender leila naray ."
draft likely to be reduced
"united nations inspectors have confirmed that north korea has closed all of its nuclear facilities at its yongbyon nuclear complex , the head of the u . n . nuclear watchdog agency told reporters wednesday ."
"using the data collected , astronomers were able to calculate important properties about the black hole called sagittarius a"
the release of one of the most hotly awaited computer games in the past year has been delayed over concerns some of the background music may offend muslims .
"he who misses this war misses the opportunity of a lifetime and gets deprived of the reward , he said in the video ."
"but it s not something you can pack up and put in your rucksack . it s not a portable framework , he said ."
"they have to improve the level of competition , said eldon , co chairman of the national competitiveness subcommittee of the transition team ."
the festival s master classes give young filmmakers a chance to speak to movie insiders .
"even though the president says the president elect has not yet asked for that money , the senate banking committee chairman says he expects congress will dole out the final billions to bail out banks ."
lines snaked around the british museum and the wait to get in was as long as eight hours .
security council resolution unless pyongyang returns to the talks .
"on sunday , the exiled dalai lama condemned china s action in his homeland , accusing beijing of cultural genocide ."
word of a possible delay in the hunt came as the australian government said it would send planes and a ship to conduct surveillance of japanese whaling ships off antarctica .
listen to an ipod during a storm and you may get more than electrifying tunes .
ferraro said the cheetahs remain on the property in cages .
"we ll be the onetime this tough so we re not going to be focused on beating them three times , we re just going to be focused on the one game we haven t had ."
"australia , a staunch u . s . ally and one of the first countries to commit troops to the war in iraq five years ago , ended combat operations there sunday ."
the united arab emirates uae where dubai is located is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate gulf states .
"authorities tuesday asked for the public s help in tracking down kumar after a raid last week on a home in gurgaon , a city near new delhi ."
"to randomly say ok , let s take all the samples from 2007 from the tour de france and put them all through testing processes . . . it s futile , it s expensive and it s not going to serve the purpose in the anti doping fight of today ."
"we will see to it that everything is back to normal by tomorrow and that people can return to pray , he said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"a spokeswoman for microsoft said the units sold for a base price of 10 , 000 ."
"on wednesday , brazil will face uruguay in sao paulo , and peru will play ecuador in quito ."
driving rain has forced some to return to the rubble of their homes .
"kashgar , china cnn hundreds of security personnel lined the streets to head off any disruption , as the olympic torch relay resumed wednesday in western china s restive muslim region of xinjiang ."
his death dominated monday s front pages of pakistani newspapers that linked his death from a suspected heart attack to the defeat to ireland .
"they often riff off one another . they share a world view , axelrod told the times about obama and patrick . both of them are effective speakers whose words tend to get requoted and arguments tend to be embraced widely ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"while almost all the 53 member nations agree with the goal of african integration and eventual unity , most of the summit leaders , led by south africa s thabo mbeki , believe this must be a gradual process ."
new prime minister kevin rudd read the apology wednesday to aborigines and the stolen generations of children who were taken from their families .
clean industries such as light engineering and electronics are scattered in areas near population centers .
"earlier , most asian and pacific markets were also sharply lower on thursday ."
"seals can be harvested for organs other than their genitalia , they say ."
"the 32 year old fell ill after frequenting a market in the main city , guangzhou , and he was diagnosed as having the h5n1 strain of the virus ."
"the crew includes teacher barbara morgan , who trained as the backup for teacher in space christa mcauliffe for the 1986 challenger mission ."
ex the police detained him for questioning .
"except for a handful of models , verizon wireless and sprint nextel corp . phones don t work in europe and don t use sim cards , but do work in parts of south america ."
"prosecutors recommended the judge sentence pichushkin to life imprisonment , with the first 15 years to be spent in isolation given the convicted man s violent nature . the judge has not yet set a date for sentencing ."
"ramos horta has led the government since july after factional fighting between police and army forces erupted in the capital , dili ."
video footage from peru shows a necklace of nine gold tubes separated by 10 stones .
he was given a six month suspended sentence by a french court .
each guest took home a fisher price guitar and custom cd .
the ex wife of the accused shooter says that robert stewart could be a violent man
"she was 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighed just 88 pounds , for a bmi of 13 . 4 ."
the death comes amid great turmoil in the country s real estate industry .
"warner bros . harry potter and the order of the phoenix , the fifth movie in the series based on j . k . rowling s novels , opened wednesday . warner brothers is owned by time warner , cnn s parent company ."
"and that it was unpleasantly surprised to learn that this was not the case . david cerny bears full responsibility for not fulfilling his assignment and promise , said alexandr vondra , deputy prime minister ."
two french aid workers and three afghans kidnapped by taliban insurgents in afghanistan appeared in a video broadcast saturday by the pan arab satellite channel al arabiya .
"the auctioned ivory consisted of whole elephant tusks and pieces of tusks in various sizes , he said ."
but there is good news for some western nations .
"14 edition of yaleglobal online , a publication of the yale center for the study of globalization ."
the north koreans have several things they need to do on key areas first .
"the parcel bomb had been placed in the luggage rack on the train , which was bound for the southern town of panadura , 27 kilometers 17 miles from colombo , police said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"if saddam is seeking advice as the current standoff regarding the u . n . weapons inspection intensifies , he might turn to page 11 of his pamphlet don t provoke a snake unless you have the intention and power to cut off its head ."
recent satellite images reveal that the ozone hole had shrunk considerably compared with the previous two years .
"president roh moo hyun monday withdrew his nomination of chon hyo suk as the country s first female chief of the constitutional court , as the main opposition grand national party gnp rejected his proposal for a bipartisan conference ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the seven rapists , who abducted the pair and raped both , received sentences ranging from 10 months to five years in prison ."
"former indonesian president suharto s condition worsened sunday , as his family granted doctors permission to take him off life support when they see fit , cnn s richard quest has reported ."
we find ourselves in a position where taxpayers must bear the burden and the risk for greed and irresponsibility on wall street and on washington .
"once transmitted to earth , the frames were assembled into a single image that reveals a bewildering array of galactic shapes and colors ."
the undisclosed north korean and russian plan to the link the tsr with rajin was revealed .
"there were some specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy and plans by militants to in some way do harm to individuals in and around the u . s . embassy there , mccormack said , noting that no specific individuals were targeted ."
beijing regards taiwan as part of its territory .
"the coast guard had warned mariners to head for port because wind up to 55 mph was expected to generate seas up to 20 feet high , petty officer etta smith said sunday in boston ."
her mother relies on her help
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation ."
will the stock market rebound soon ?
"the snow and sleet have paralyzed roads , railways and airports , leaving tens of millions of travelers marooned , officials say ."
critics have said the tradition violates both international and nepalese laws on child rights .
"li also called for an end to the eu s arms embargo , but said china did not need to buy any of its weapons ."
"martin scorsese won the top honor saturday from the directors guild of america for his mob saga the departed , moving him a step closer to finally receiving hollywood s biggest filmmaking prize at the academy awards ."
the ministry of information and communication mic said on thursday that it will finalize a new format in october with the aim of launching it late this year .
"the film , which has now been officially approved , is scheduled for release on july 1 on the 81st anniversary of the chinese communist party ccp ."
"we broke out the windbreakers , which held off the freezing rain for five to six minutes tops ."
the modern gondola is big enough for dozens of people .
he thought people talking in certain situations could let out ideas from the unconscious in dreams or through slips of the tongue hence the term freudian slip .
"in a group of experiments , dr . lucy brown , a professor in the department of neurology and neuroscience at the albert einstein college of medicine in new york , and her colleagues did mri brain scans on college students who were in the throes of new love ."
"the negotiations have been held over the telephone , said ghazni police chief ali shah ahmadzai ."
iranian officials accused the pentagon of forging the video it released and said the united states timed the release to coincide with the eve of president bush s trip to the middle east .
the 1989 demonstrations in beijing marked a watershed for hong kong .
here s white house correspondent mark smith
about 500 elderly people from all areas of the community on thursday threatened to push for another impeachment motion against president roh moo hyun unless he apologizes for his recent comment in support of scrapping the anti communist national security law .
"the discord threatens to unravel a much praised cease fire by the cleric s militia , the mehdi army , which u . s . commanders have credited with helping ease the sectarian warfare that gripped iraq in 2006 ."
"the two soldiers , 25 year old specialist alex jimenez and private byron fouty , who is 19 , were seized in an ambush on 12 may ."
"the meetings would help improve chances of a successful meeting later this month with japan , russia , south korea and china in six nation talks aimed at ending the north s nuclear weapons program and improving relations between north korea and other countries , hill said ."
"thus , it appears , there really is a food demon"
broadcast pioneer paul harvey has died at 90
he s a fantastic talent .
"however , pro democracy lawmakers who want direct elections as soon as possible have criticized the document , saying it lists too many options ."
get a good night s sleep before you travel
but bbc staff working in china now say they are able to access news stories that would have been blocked before .
his participation has been in doubt after the 37 year old was told he had to respect the uci s biological passport rule demanding that athletes must be registered with an anti doping program six months prior to competing .
draft likely to be reduced
murray said the new super union s structure was still being worked on .
"i will never forget that in no other country on earth is my story even possible , he said . it s a story that hasn t made me the most conventional candidate ."
"during the hearing , judge colonel james pohl ruled that abu ghraib must be preserved as a crime scene for the soldiers trials ."
the official exchange rate of the north korean currency was 137 won to the u . s . dollar in the first half of 2005 .
"peter s basilica decorated with red poinsettias , a frail john paul presided over midnight mass , ushering in one of the most joyous christian holidays amid mounting tensions between washington and baghdad ."
"zimbabwe s state run newspaper , the herald , has indicated that neither mugabe nor tsvangirai received enough votes in the election to avoid a runoff ."
the current un mandate is set to expire at the end of this year .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"parts of the city have been sealed off with a steel fence to block anti china demonstrations like those at the relays in london , paris and san francisco ."
even nice restaurants with 40 minimum meals
"the government of myanmar allocated just 200 , 000 for hiv aids in 2008 , which is one of the lowest amount spent worldwide , according to doctors without borders ."
"disappeared , said khin maung win with the democratic voice of burma 8212 a broadcast media group run by opposition expatriates ."
"army division headquartered in the city with a population of 75 , 000 is a life or death issue for workers , taxi drivers , vendors , bar owners and others who earn their income by serving american servicemen ."
"it s time , it s prudent that we begin to explore mars looking for the possibility of a life form that s exhaling methane , said lisa pratt , professor of geological sciences at indiana university , at a nasa news briefing thursday ."
"she then became one of an estimated 600 , 000 people who have failed to show up for deportation ."
the virus has spread to more than 30 countries around the world .
"the committee s chairman , rep . henry waxman , said , someone isn t telling the truth ."
"she got her unusual nickname while still a toddler from her nurse , who proclaimed the child was as purty as a lady bird ."
"for personal reasons , jin renqing requested to resign . the central government agreed to his request and approved appointing him to be deputy director of the development research center of the state council , the spokeswoman said ."
"this is a very important media for us , says warren lieberfarb president of the company ."
the bandleader plays a 100 year old black wood flute .
scorsese s first directing nomination was in 1981 for raging bull .
the statement was posted late wednesday on a web site frequently used by islamic militants .
"with those words , the president announced a 17 billion package of short term loans designed to tie the big three over till march ."
the mungiki gang set up roadblocks and burned cars to protest the suspicious killing of their imprisoned leader s wife .
"while al zaidi was still screaming in another room , bush said that was a size 10 shoe he threw at me , you may want to know ."
labor problems involving hyundai s strike prone labor union were also left to fester .
and there needs to be .
"there is a certain amount of shock because our scientists will sometimes see something that doesn t fit anything they know , said dekila chungyalpa , director of the fund s mekong program . they run through a catalogue of wildlife in their brain , asking themselves , have i seen this ?"
montgomery wiped her eyes with a tissue as the jury announced its sentencing decision .
"in electronic arts species simulator spore , the game s developer created downloadable spaceships in the candidates likeness ."
"spears , 25 , also must continue meeting with a court appointed parenting coach , and the youngsters must be in car seats when they are being driven , the ruling states ."
musharraf was elected president in a 2002 vote that was widely viewed as rigged .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"they have flowers , they say my husband sent them to me , and , besides , they were young kids , said nieves , whose husband was out at the time of the november 3 robbery ."
"the electric bidet accessory of toto s z series caught fire in three separate incidents between march 2006 and march 2007 , according to company spokeswoman emi tanaka ."
but it was the tenacious ferrer who finally sealed victory in a match that lasted two hours and 40 minutes .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"yes , we miss steve , but phil handled everything well . i m here to see what apple s doing next , not how much weight steve has lost ."
arterton will portray mi6 agent fields .
die another day attracted crowds at its seoul premiere on new year s eve .
"bad reputations tend to stick , even with foods ."
"i am very saddened , mitchell told the workers and chinese embassy staff from grenada and neighboring trinidad and tobago ."
the formal aerial search by the civil air patrol and nevada national guard helicopters ended september 19 after pilots spent more than two weeks scouring an area twice the size of new jersey .
kloza also said reducing demand is one of the best ways of lowering gas prices .
"the headline in the berlin tabloid bz read , train drivers , you re striking on our nerves !"
"according to the ministry , about 8 , 000 foreigners are residing here with the d 8 visa japanese investors ranked first with 1 , 800 , followed by chinese with 1 , 400 ."
"the following month , sergio garcia , also 28 , won his first big tournament , the players , simultaneously moving into second place in the world rankings , behind an injured tiger woods ."
they said it also would include measures that will lay a foundation for a stronger economy in the future
"producer ken davenport , 34 , said a hypnotist would screen people standing in line for the free tickets to his 90 minute comedy , my first time , and determine their status ."
"so , when this harvard economics professor collaborates on a major project , he ll sometimes promise to deliver a finished product by a certain date or else pay his co authors 500 ."
"harry reid , the democratic leader of the senate , said bush s speech was recycled tired rhetoric , and that the president had once again missed an opportunity to lay out a real strategy for success in iraq that will bring our troops safely home . president george w bush has said he will not accept anything less than complete victory in iraq ."
"south korea is considering delaying rice aid to north korea after it failed to meet a key deadline to shut down a nuclear reactor , officials say ."
.
child soldiers were on the agenda for a u . n . security council working committee friday .
the u . s . military in japan has charged a marine with rape and other violations of the uniform code of military justice in the alleged sexual assault of 14 year old girl in okinawa .
"the 73 year old retired judge says that in the old days , even the lowliest office workers had a reasonable command of english . nowadays , employers have trouble finding employees with enough skill to even answer the phone ."
"the ruling will likely be made public after 3 p . m . , nec officials said wednesday ."
variation in loneliness among people also has an explanation in evolutionary biology .
"pakistani and american investors came next with 700 , respectively ."
living in a cage in hong kong
concern over the potential that such protests would tarnish the olympic movement .
but it was never implemented because of the financial row .
it is probably the most unusual tent you ll ever see .
living in a cage in hong kong
the us said north korea may have fired as many as six missiles .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"a government meeting in september warned about an increase in landslides and other seismic activity as the reservoir level was raised over the past year and sent water seeping into slopes , undermining hillsides of soil and shale ."
draft likely to be reduced
"taliban spokesman yousaf ahamdi said that the series of killings will continue until their demands for an exchange of afghan held prisoners for the hostages are met , as he set the 10th deadline ."
we do have a large amount of water .
"new cases of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars , have picked up pace here the past few days ."
"last week , iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki announced an amnesty plan in nineveh for some militants ."
"director lynn franco , of the conference board"
"i think the people around robert mugabe realize that power is ebbing away , and it s vital that they realize that there is no future other than a bleak one for a mugabe regime that seeks to hang onto power at the barrel of a gun , british foreign secretary david miliband said ."
"one of chicago s most well known real estate moguls appears to have shot himself to death , police said ."
"i know that senator obama will be a good friend to israel , the new york senator and former first lady said ."
i m innocent .
"the state was working to restore power to several areas hit with outages , a news release said ."
"he has been charged with 49 murders , most committed over the course of five years in a sprawling park on the edge of moscow ."
he passed out cigars thursday in the clubhouse to celebrate .
"police told cnn that by saturday 16 , 916 arrests had been made , while local media reported another 1 , 548 were arrested sunday ."
barksdale uses the same technique .
labor problems involving hyundai s strike prone labor union were also left to fester .
but the present is nothing compared to the future .
"the membership of a party stops at the boundaries of the state , he said ."
civilization as we know it is beginning to unravel around us and an increasing violence is a primary cause .
"in pyongyang , a north korean health official said there was not a single confirmed sars case in the isolated country , according to kcna , the north s state news outlet ."
"and 50 cent picked up a 62 , 000 diamond encrusted watch at caesars ."
that belief would rule out the possibility of resurrecting extinct animals from their frozen remains .
flying with the flu ?
"la paz , bolivia cnn president evo morales declared a national disaster tuesday after weeks of heavy storms resulted in widespread flooding blamed for scores of deaths , particularly in northeastern bolivia ."
"the israeli army has said that if no one attacks them , they won t attack for approximately three hours in the afternoon , and during that period , a movement can be allowed ."
"he said the women , ages 30 and 32 , were hit by 19 bullets ."
"clinton swept obama in every major demographic group , including groups obama generally wins , such as younger voters and higher income voters , according to cnn s exit polls ."
"only a fraction of the trees on corner lots and at garden centers will bear the tag , however ."
"jung did not speak about the letter s contents , but the sueddeutsche zeitung newspaper reported the it was formal and direct and written in an unusually sharp tone ."
indian officials say they will now concentrate on the 2010 commonwealth games which will be held in new delhi .
but he also knows that substantial problems have to be resolved .
"the surprise discovery should hasten the search for other such voracious stars , boosting the understanding of planetary evolution , the european researchers said ."
"congress had confirmed pelosi s receipt of the letter , a labor official said friday ."
"around 40 percent of turks over the age of 15 are smokers , consuming around 17 million packs a day , according to yesilay , an organization devoted to fighting alcohol , drug and tobacco abuse ."
"i haven t seen it this bad in several years , said toki , a police officer who was directing traffic around a flooded area near sukarno hatta airport , where thousands of passengers were stranded ."
bush said that most democrats are afraid of irritating a left wing group like moveon . org and they are more afraid of irritating them than they are of irritating the united states military . watch bush condemn the moveon . org ad raquo
"now , its resurgence shows another chill in relations ."
"at 70 , without a thing left to prove , jack nicholson is sharpening his political edges ."
"as if they did not already have enough to worry about , formula one leaders mclaren could face the real risk of fernando alonso walking out at the end of the season ."
bolton has been accused of being a poor manager and shaping intelligence .
recycling concentrated streams of co2 discharged from fossil fuel plants .
"despite being the object of a corruption and stock manipulation investigation , conservative candidate lee myung bak has won a landslide victory in south korea s presidential election ."
"the artist plans to create a gigantic face of obama sculpted from gravel and sand , which will cover nearly 2 . 5 acres 1 hectare of barcelona beachfront before the u . s . elections ."
"the report will be discussed by the agency s 35 nation board and is expected to be approved as early as monday , paving the way for the beginning of the iaea mission overseeing the shutdown and eventual dismantling of the yongbyon facility ."
"when the federal agency wasn t busy busting toddlers for carrying unauthorized sippy cups through a checkpoint or stopping 4 year old terrorists from boarding a flight , it was issuing indecipherable press releases , like this one http www . tsa . gov press releases 2007 press release 08082007 . shtm about its latest secure flight initiative , in an apparent effort to bore would be hijackers into surrender ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the maestro fought a long , tough battle against the pancreatic cancer which eventually took his life . in fitting with the approach that characterized his life and work , he remained positive until finally succumbing to the last stages of his illness ."
"the prosecution thursday raided the korean office of u . s . private equity fund , lone star , to seize documents and computer files in its probe into the investor s alleged tax evasion , and illegal transfer of funds abroad and other irregularities ."
"the nine page report , obtained by cnn on monday , details a number of recent meetings with iranians officials who deny conducting weapons research and continue to stymie the united nations nuclear watchdog agency ."
"the car that carried the bomb is now a pile of twisted , smoking metal ."
"we don t want the american forces to take iraq as a field to attack iran or syria , the prime minister said ."
"everything they do is done with integrity , to preserve the past , said mearns , who is also former director of the international spa association ."
dedi rinyadi works for the natural resources conservation agency . rinyadi says thousands of the long tailed macaques went searching for sustenance wednesday in several villages of central java province .
"cheney , 37 , announced in december that she and her partner of 15 years , heather poe , were starting a family ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the men two german converts to islam and a turk trained at islamic jihad union camps in northern pakistan , ziercke announced friday ."
the national assembly approved late last month new legislation on information security .
nts tax audits of 6 foreign funds .
"tony bennett got a standing ovation . apple , not so much , said philip elmer dewitt , who writes an apple column for fortune magazine ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
spokesman tony fratto says there s more evidence this morning of a credit squeeze on small businesses and municipalities all across the country .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"i love warm weather and summertime , the 37 year old actor says in the magazine s hottest bachelors issue , on newsstands friday ."
"how best to use expressions of support , including financial help , in the search for their daughter ."
"the crew was unaware that the plane was carrying nuclear weapons , the officials said , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the extraordinary sensitivity and security surrounding the case ."
"google employees will now sift through the ideas , submitted in 25 languages , and choose 100 semifinalists by january 27 ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"moreover , the united states and great britain were taking their armies out of europe , and they were about to move all of that power that had defeated hitler to the far east , to join that war ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
it s too early in the year to see icebergs crumple regularly but the sound is a reminder .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
details of the response were not immediately released but senior state department officials said the gist was that north korea plans to hold up its end of the bargain and expects the united states to do the same .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"nato said he was linked to an uprising in the town of musa qala , which the taliban overran on february 1 , and to an attack on tuesday against a dam in nearby kajaki ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"despite losing modeling contracts in the wake of the revelations , she later won fresh jobs and remains one of the world s top models ."
jerusalem cnn shimshon cahaner was among the first israeli soldiers to storm into the old city of jerusalem 40 years ago .
"the gujjar community part of india s centuries old , complex social caste order are in their seventh straight day of demonstrations to demand a bigger share of government jobs and education benefits ."
u . n . envoy coomaraswamy is taking an optimistic long view .
the explosion came after daylong battles in the northern port city of tripoli between lebanese troops and the militant fatah islam group in which 22 soldiers and 17 militants were killed .
"but six shades of dylan are present with i m not there , a swirling , shifting ramble through the many lives of one of the most enigmatic figures in music history ."
enron filed for bankruptcy in december 2001 after investigators found it had used partnerships to conceal more than 1 billion in debt and inflate profits .
"the progressive democratic labor party , which typically takes the opposite side of the conservative grand national party , concurs with it this time around ."
"the first israeli strike saturday night killed a hamas militant in the town of rafah , an israeli military spokeswoman said ."
"in their last face to face meeting before a crucial primary showdown in pennsylvania , democrats hillary clinton and barack obama went back and forth over recent campaign trail controversies before staking out differences on taxes and the economy ."
after visiting the hospital on sunday del nido said despite the severity of the situation his situation appears to be evolving favorably and the doctors are becoming more optimistic .
the belgian world number one is chasing the one grand slam title she needs to complete her collection and looked in ominous form with a barrage of stunning backhand winners .
"cubans with access to dollars can also buy cell phones and book hotel reservations other recent changes also ordered by raul castro , who was elected president in february after brother fidel gave up the job because of poor health ."
"meanwhile , at least one person was killed and three others injured when a mortar hit eastern baghdad s amin neighborhood monday at midday , an interior ministry official said ."
"san simeon , california"
"interpol based in lyon , france issued a red notice in the case . that is a request to police anywhere to help track her down and extradite her to iraq ."
"in a challenge to syria , the u . n . security council on wednesday voted to set up a court to prosecute the murder two years ago of former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
monitors use content filters that highlight and sometimes block messages containing words such as democracy .
"the visitors are treated to close up encounters of roving bands of sting rays , sleek hammerhead sharks , enormous grouper and countless other species ."
"his family s native mauritius and the french city of nice , where he grew up , the magazine said ."
"those items records of executions , and artwork depicting stalin holding the keys to a prison cell stretching across the soviet union reflect the backlash that came in two waves , one soon after his death and another in the late 1980s , with mikhail gorbachev s glasnost ."
watson said that he had sent a letter to members of the bahamas diving association in july 2007 urging them to stop cageless dives with about 10 dangerous species .
"at any given time , about 60 million people in the u . s . feel so isolated that it s a major source of unhappiness , the book says ."
draft likely to be reduced
"wolfowitz has agreed to step down next month after the bank determined that he violated rules when he approved a raise for his companion , shaha riza ."
wall street closed down again wednesday as shares continue to fall sharply across europe and asia and the white house released more details of a global crisis summit intended to solve the crisis .
"the benchmark korea composite stock price index kospi gained 9 . 4 points , or 0 . 47 percent , to 1 , 988 . 96 in the first 15 minutes of trading ."
"according to the korea times a local monthly magazine has reported that kim hyong uk , former chief of the state spy agency , was killed by a french gang in october 1979 after being lured to paris by a korean intelligence agent disguising himself as a student studying there ."
"according to the coalition , the battle began when four taliban members fired rounds at troops patrolling the northeast corner of helmand province s sangin district ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the soil on mars may contain microbial life , according to a new interpretation of data first collected more than 30 years ago ."
she already held the no . 1 spot for one week in august .
he is due in federal court in washington this hour to be sentenced after pleading guilty to misleading congress about performance enhancing drugs in baseball .
clinton s web site encourages people to write to the rules and bylaws committee .
"costs for paper , ink and fuel to deliver papers were forcing the papers into cuts in newsroom talent that would damage their abilities to report the news , hunke said ."
i don t think the royal family themselves are that snobbish . but i think william s friends certainly are .
"rather than protecting the environment , they say energy crops destroy natural forests that actually store carbon and thus are a key tool in the fight to reduce global warming ."
they injected poison into his ear .
the protesters clashed with police who sprayed water on them to block their march .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"on monday , the actor announced plans to build 150 eco friendly homes in the louisiana city s lower 9th ward , an area devastated by hurricane katrina ."
"kampusch will be hosting a show on the austrian television station puls 4 , wolfgang brunner , her adviser said ."
when does north korea test its nuclear bombs ?
"east timor , a portuguese colony for 450 years , fought a 24 year independence struggle against indonesia and became an independent state just five years ago ."
"no cause of death was given , but the female rhino had shown signs of old age , the zoo said in a statement ."
turnout for the international tourism industry s most important event is at a record high this year as the sector struggles to cope with the financial crisis sweeping the world .
and therefore i won t commit beyond july .
the report said there was some evidence to suggest the kidnap was initially planned as an assassination attempt .
"masondo said 24 of the city s 35 cemeteries were already at full capacity and , although enough spaces remain for the foreseeable future , other options must now be considered ."
they urged their supporters to show up in large numbers .
he has also called on all its offices to co operate with the security forces and exercise self control .
"pado mahn shar , who was in his sixties , was shot at his home in the thai border town of mae sot , his family said ."
"when he left office , he was hunched over ."
"iraq which has about a 60 percent shiite population is also made up of sunni arabs , kurds , turkmens , christians and others ."
"new york , cnn the ex wife of french president nicolas sarkozy tied the knot sunday night at the famed rainbow room in new york s rockefeller center , french newspapers have reported ."
"but ejehi named mousavian directly , saying influential persons have called the judge and tried to get him mousavian acquitted ."
"the level of violence in kenya is unprecedented . it s on a terrifying scale and it has not really diminished , salim lone , spokesman for the orange democratic movement , told cnn from london ."
"north korea will take part in the six party denuclearization talks in early november as scheduled , the north s korean central news agency kcna reported on monday ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the united nations security council held an emergency session and later said it unanimously condemned the assassination .
"yet about a mile away sits ala moana center , once the largest shopping complex in the united states until the mall of america emerged ."
"even so , lago said , fans are disappointed ."
once works so well by keeping it simple .
"minister of tourism nilofar bakhtiar told a parliamentary committee of her fear on saturday following the taliban style edict against her by islamic clerics at lal masjid , or red mosque , in islamabad , the associated press of pakistan reported ."
"in japan , the nikkei closed the day up one percent ."
3 . women don t recognize gender bias
"calvin borel , the jockey who rode street sense to victory in the kentucky derby this weekend with the royals in attendance ."
qualcomm korea wednesday said ftc examiners visited its head office in seoul on tuesday and questioned its officials from almost all divisions .
"we have 3 , 000 fans going to the game and we are extremely concerned for our supporters , the vast majority of whom have already made travel arrangements ."
"senate majority leader harry reid said if the president refuses to change direction , america risks being bogged down in iraq for years , not months ."
"the mice on the island eat the chicks of the albatross and bunting before they make it to the fledgling stage , the rspb said ."
5 . only searching for the perfect job
on monday hamas militants fired dozens of rockets into southern israel despite a 10 day israeli military campaign that reportedly has left more than 500 palestinians dead .
an islamic militant group has denied it beheaded a u . s . marine who has been missing in iraq .
"the four of them flew away in a two person apache , with two in the cockpit and two others clinging to the outside of the chopper ."
"he also thanked soderbergh , who got up every day , forced me to this . . . . he was there pushing it , and he pushed all of us ."
"they were in a collapsed building that dates back to the 7th century , the end of the byzantine period ."
"property is considered abandoned if there has been no activity on it for more than three years , according to steve larson of naupa ."
the two days of talks between the afghan and us leaders are being billed as a strategy session on combating the taliban insurgency .
"the european union said it would restrict all live animals , fresh meat and milk products from mainland great britain after laboratory results friday confirmed the disease was found in cattle at a farm in surrey county , england ."
china is home to 350 million smokers a third of the global total .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the high court in zimbabwe has said it will rule on monday on an opposition petition demanding the immediate release of the poll results .
"the opposition grand national party is preparing a north korean human rights bill that would require the government to put aside funds for humanitarian aid to the north , and to investigate the fate of defectors who are forcibly returned to north korea ."
women and girls were stripped naked and publicly beaten as a form of discipline .
"in brussels , eu officials said that south african president thabo mbeki had said he would boycott if mugabe was not invited ."
"the hotel heightened security as a result , the chairman of the tata group and taj hotels , ratan tata , said in an interview with cnn s fareed zakaria ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"jaisham received a hand wound and was flown to the capital of male for treatment because he could not move some of his fingers , shareef told ap ."
opposition parties have announced the indefinite extension of a general strike and protests against the king .
"eh , was that john mccain or the u . s ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"avian influenza is a disease of birds and whilst it can pass very rarely and with difficulty to humans , this requires extremely close contact with infected birds , particularly feces ."
millions of its citizens are affected by radiation related ailments .
an investigation was launched after the beijing games over claims that several members of their women s squad were ineligible because they were not 16 in the year of competition .
"israeli prime minister ehud olmert said the formation of a new palestinian government creates an opportunity for renewed peace moves , the associated press reported sunday ."
"in indonesia , the military has proposed blacking out objectionable information ."
"the fact that such entertainment was primarily aimed at children and teens raised the ire of authorities , including social scientists , newspaper columnists and political leaders ."
"in nigeria , a rebel group responsible for a large number of the attacks on the country s oil industry ended a month long truce , while an attack on a shell oil rig in the delta served as a reminder of the supply risks there ."
obama announced on thursday that his resignation from the u . s . senate is official as of sunday .
the prosecution yesterday indicted 10 people on charges of producing or distributing malicious programs that intrude into receivers computers and make them display pop up ads and unwanted web sites .
"the papers also reveal the company struck it big in 2007 with contracts totaling more than 200 million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the afghan national army and police ."
more than 180 civic groups yesterday announced their opposition to president elect lee myung bak s plan to build a grand canal from seoul to busan .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"that is the biggest drop in more than 60 years , and it comes from a record fall in gas prices ."
"during the close air support , at least 20 terrorists were killed and six suspected terrorists were assessed to be wounded by the strafing , the military said ."
"in the last several weeks , the musical has played to more than 90 percent capacity ."
"as the talks ended , a car bomb exploded near an important sunni mosque in the centre of baghdad , killing at least 20 people and wounding dozens of others ."
he dangled his infant son and his morbidly altered face just gets weirder .
iraq s interior minister says reports of prisoners being tortured at an iraqi run center have been exaggerated .
the goods
"bush plans to announce his selection wednesday and expects the bank s board to accept it , the administration official said ."
imagine finding a 3 meter 10 foot snake in your plumbing .
"i think that i may disagree with sen . clinton or sen . edwards on how to get things done , but we share the same goals . we re all democrats , we all believe in civil rights , we all believe in equal rights , said the senator from illinois ."
"at the moment , there is an inflexibility that s inherent in our automotive manufacturing process . murray told cnn from his offices in surrey , uk ."
"at least nine bombings in and near the northern iraqi city of mosul on wednesday were aimed at freeing hundreds of inmates from an iraqi prison , iraqi and u . s . military sources said ."
"that attack also killed three iraqi civilians and an iraqi interpreter , the us said ."
"connery played indy s father in 1989 s indiana jones and the last crusade , the third installment of the franchise directed by steven spielberg and produced by george lucas ."
the news came as us nuclear envoy christopher hill confirmed that north korea now had access to funds that had been frozen in a macau bank .
"one of the women , karen etchebery , claimed she was followed shortly after going to police ."
"as long as we live , kosovo is serbia ."
"previously , she was an executive at sun microsystems inc ."
but the proposed deal was being reviewed by officials in the negotiators capitals before becoming final .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the fighting , which began on may 20 , is lebanon s worst internal violence since the 1975 1990 civil war ."
"roh s weeklong trip , which begins on may 11 , comes amid heightened tensions over north korea s suspected development of nuclear weapons and rising calls in washington for the united states to cut its troops presence in south korea ."
draft likely to be reduced
"you know how many girls lost their purses , got hurt ?"
"the u . s . attorney s office in jackson , tennessee , said daniel cowart , 20 , and paul schlesselman , 18 , were self described white supremacists who met online through a mutual friend ."
draft likely to be reduced
moscow has refused to hand over lugovoi to britain because article 61 of the russian constitution forbids the extradition of its citizens .
his representatives say that those advisors can just turn around and give the information to him .
a police officer was killed when a suicide bomber struck at an outer checkpoint on the way to the party headquarters of interim prime minsister iyad allawi .
the problem with encryption is that it can help shield lawbreakers as well as law abiding citizens .
"the deputy , tyler peterson , also worked part time as a crandon police officer ."
"shouting as he was dragged to the floor , the reporter called his shoe throwing a farewell kiss to a dog who launched the 2003 invasion of iraq ."
he said the ministry fired the city s police chief in the aftermath of the attack .
the police announced on thursday that two men had been arrested and would appear in court on friday on charges of murder .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the draft resolution is pursuing political purposes other than human rights , li jong song said ."
"several books and documentaries dedicated to the young pharaoh , who is believed to have been the 12th ruler of ancient egypt s 18th dynasty and ascended to the throne around the age of 8 , are popular around the world ."
nowak said she wore to reduce stops along the highway and a letter indicating how much she loved oefelein .
"the british government , its ministry of defense and its foreign office declined comment on the guardian report ."
"an hour before the attack , about 50 salafist militants had been prevented by security guards from entering the school and distributing fliers protesting the festival , security sources said ."
"we continue to urge alan s safe and swift release and welcome the efforts of all those in the palestinian territories to that end , a spokesman said ."
about 20 clown hopefuls strutted their stuff for the judges hoping to capture their eye .
"the procedure will be supervised by dr . richard tubb and conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the national naval medical center in bethesda , maryland , snow said ."
the new model will sell for 600 and is aimed at gamers who expect to download a lot of games and other content from sony s burgeoning online network .
american airlines said it chose to continue with the flight because of the full load of passengers waiting at london s heathrow airport to return to the united states .
"on saturday , he said , he did as much business as he would normally do in a week ."
"german actor ulrich muehe , whose haunting portrayal of an east german secret police agent in the oscar winning drama the lives of others won him international renown , has died at the age of 54 , his family says ."
but it s not the only one hailing the qualities of the dirty spud .
the film is due out july 25 .
"cooper , a veteran character actor whose credits include american beauty and lone star , played a man on a mission to preserve rare orchids in the film loosely based on author susan orlean s the orchid thief ."
"on thursday , the supreme court annulled the polls and said the previous parliament had authority . the acting president , kurmanbek bakiev , supports the court ruling ."
"new york governor eliot spitzer has resigned , after being linked to a prostitution ring ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"south korea ranks eighth in the global tech savvy list , becoming the only nation in the asia pacific region to scrape into the top 10 ."
the 81 year old charismatic leader handed off the power to his 76 year old brother in february after having been in poor health since july 2006 .
it s not always an easy task .
"christian fundamentalists in kansas and elsewhere are swearing off coors beer , a seemingly odd choice given the highly conservative bent of the coors family ."
"we don t want the american forces to take iraq as a field to attack iran or syria , the prime minister said ."
"the sea battle broke out when a flotilla of 15 rebel boats tried to attack naval boats patrolling off kallarawa , a fishing village in the eastern trincomalee district on saturday night , said navy spokesman cmdr . d . k . p . dassanayake ."
"famously prolific and congenitally unsentimental , british director michael winterbottom is at his weakest supplying rote flashbacks to the pearls loving marriage ."
the nine eight men and one woman were arrested in bali in april 2005 with more than 8 . 3kg 18lb of heroin .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
it is the first time an english club has won the tournament in its expanded form while united did triumph in the old intercontinental cup in 1999 with victory over palmeiras .
obama thanked mccain for his graciousness and said he had waged a tough race .
"each area features different short workouts ranging from a minute to upwards of 10 minutes including push ups and skiing , jogging and seeing how many times you can spin hula hoops ."
alerted his men to the route s dangers . he said he had driven the coach himself recently and its brakes had then worked well .
"it is testimony to steve s leadership that sheldon good co . remains well positioned for the future , said sheldon good president alan r . kravets ."
"protesters , mostly supporters of the ousted thaksin , have been holding nightly rallies in bangkok since early june ."
waxman s committee voted 21 10 on wednesday to subpoena rice despite the u . s . state department s insistence that the questions have already been answered .
the matrix actor doesn t owe a dime to the paparazzo who sued him .
"the clashes saturday over alleged election fraud killed at least nine people and injured 17 police officers , a government official told cnn sunday ."
"at least six other people died and 11 were wounded in the explosion , believed to be from a car bomb , in the seaside neighborhood of manara , according to lebanese security sources ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"he called the court proceedings , in his words , theater , and said that the real criminal is president bush ."
"nasdaq shareholders will own around 72 percent of the new company , the statement said , and the new group will have a combined market capitalization of around 7 . 1 billion ."
"in its evidence section , the web site for the inquest has posted previously unpublished pictures taken by paparazzi of the limo before and immediately after the accident ."
it s a set of principles that directs him or her to what s virtuous and right .
he also worked on president clinton s first presidential campaign and served as a white house adviser to clinton .
"alcoholics can end up with a shrunken brain , which is linked to dementia ."
the inquiry had been called for by the international olympic committee who were concerned that the controversy undermined the results of the competition in beijing .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2640798
something feels strangely familiar about alex the lion in madagascar
"in addition to juliet , bessmertnova also danced the leading female roles giselle , ivan the terrible , the angara and the golden age ."
"men with medical conditions such as diabetes , prostate cancer , hyper cholesterol , endocrinological and cardiovascular problems weren t able to enjoy sex , goldstein said ."
it s been widely reported that fox and disney are likely to make movies available on itunes for overnight rental at 3 to 5 for 24 hours or for purchase for roughly the price of a shrink wrapped dvd .
"no one was injured in the blasts , which happened at dawn in zamboanga city , where us troops helping the philippines army fight an insurgency are based ."
"counting is under way in thailand after voting to elect members of the senate , in the second stage in the country s return to democratic government ."
chung was absent for more than two months after being jailed following his april arrest and entering a hospital for a health exam .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the sardar bhagat singh college in lucknow , the capital of uttar pradesh , india s most populous state , awards bachelor s degrees in engineering and management ."
about 20 lincoln documents are among the 111 items for sale from the small trust .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"at least 87 people have died after a budget airliner crashed after landing in heavy rain at the thai holiday resort of phuket , officials say ."
i think we re going to be with him for a generation .
"citing unnamed administration officials , the times article says at least four top white house lawyers took part in discussions with the cia between 2003 and 2005 over whether to destroy videotapes of the interrogations of two al qaeda operatives ."
"dolly the sheep , the first cloned mammal , was put to death in february after premature aging and disease marred her short existence ."
"schools in new york , new jersey , minnesota , california , washington and texas were among those receiving threats ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
yonhap news reports the bok has diversified more of its foreign currency investment portfolio from u . s . treasury bonds to high yielding assets like asset backed securities .
"brancato told the jury that the owner , a vietnam veteran , gave him permission to come to his house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted ."
"we re horrified that anyone can do this and saddened by the age of the child , neindorf said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the law prohibits the public display of the soviet flag , military uniforms and the five pointed soviet star , as well as the playing of the soviet national anthem ."
"there s a bill whitten designed militaristic red coat with gold rope that belonged to michael jackson , and a 1987 contract detailing his 30 million purchase of the california ranch that became the infamous neverland ."
"in a related development , a foreign ministry official denied a report in britain s daily telegraph newspaper that seoul had paid a 10 million ransom to the taliban for the release of the christian hostages ."
"prompting officers to search the internet , where they found uploaded video of his hazardous riding ."
it is the second speech by haniya since israel began its military operation in gaza on december 27 .
"but they accounted for only 21 . 7 percent of the 2 . 4 million eligible voters , short of the 25 percent needed for the vote to count ."
the bbc has been told that on several occasions chinese arms have been recovered after attacks on british and american troops by afghan insurgents .
a 2001 study conducted by the minnesota department of transportation found several fatigue problems in the bridge s approach spans and poor fatigue details on the main truss .
when surgery is completed he will be an inch taller than his stunning ex model wife carla bruni sarkozy .
the items were exhibited at the tate britain gallery in central london .
everything went wrong . i m disappointed with the way i wasn t able to play today and that is especially frustrating .
my father strides and his hands would go like a paddle because of his wide shoulders . whitaker is knock kneed my father was bowlegged .
"there are many ways around this problem , cnn legal analyst jeffrey toobin noted ."
"in another sign of lax security , kumar said 13 passengers made it to the pakistani side of atari without passports ."
"jolie and pitt , 43 , have four children"
i was greatly disappointed .
"one mud flow temporarily trapped a snow groomer at a ski area , and two other workers there suffered minor injuries , wheatcroft said ."
"but while the health adjusted life expectancy in sierra leone is under 30 years of age , tajikistan s is almost 70"
"but bush said plenty went right during his eight years in office , including the economy for most of his term ."
"lohan s lawyer , blair berk , said it would be inappropriate to comment on the case ."
"musa qala on thursday was overrun by an estimated 200 taliban fighters who disarmed local police , ransacked the district center and hoisted their trademark white flag ."
you can see some of them right now .
"the international atomic energy agency has praised the recent agreement by the koreas , the united states , japan , russia and china on steps to end north korea s nuclear weapons programs ."
the soldiers will replace the already extended 3rd brigade of the 10th mountain division .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2666388 popsci . com
she said jolie was admitted recently but would not say exactly when .
archbishop rahho was kidnapped after leading prayers at the church of the holy spirit in mosul on 29 february .
men seldom talked about their bedroom troubles before the u . s . food and drug administration approved viagra as the first oral medication for erectile dysfunction in 1998 .
"the yangtze is one of china s most important transportation arteries , and shipping is to continue through the reservoir , with giant ship locks built to carry freighters and ferries around the immense concrete wall ."
it is expected to darken prospects for inter korean relations and resolving the international standoff over the north s nuclear issue .
"but china s foreign ministry defended the death penalty , saying china limited it to a small number of criminals ."
"riot police fired tear gas at protesters in sao paulo after more than 6 , 000 people held a largely peaceful march , sending hundreds of demonstrators fleeing and ducking into businesses to avoid the gas ."
"without defined eyebrows , a playful grin might be construed as an angry grimace , he said ."
"the plan will inject money into the banking system to provide immediate relief and free up lending , a treasury statement said ."
the process began friday evening when more than 100 entrepreneurs gathered to pitch their ideas .
kenya s western province is the area near its border with uganda .
"the stealth approach has whipped up a frenzy of expectation and doubts about the movie s quality as he prepares to unveil it in front of the world s toughest audience , critics at the cannes film festival ."
the mccanns flew from faro in southern portugal with their 2 year old twins sean and amelie .
"beijing , china cnn a storm drenched china s southeast on sunday after killing five people on taiwan and prompting the evacuation of 1 . 4 million people on the mainland , officials said ."
covina police department lt . pat buchanan said the device was something we have never seen before .
veteran long distance traveler les adams said he found his solution by applying the findings of a scientific study on jet lag to his own travel routine .
"alexander vershbow , the new us ambassador to south korea , was explaining why the us had imposed economic sanctions against the north ."
"the 33 year old actress will almost certainly remain in the hospital until she gives birth , bauer said ."
navigating the excellent public transit system is easy
"in the last few years , the big british musicals have slowly been disappearing from broadway ."
alfaroon also sought the death penalty for four of al majid s five co defendants .
do i know something about the companies i m applying to ?
"the broader shockwaves are designed to create a communal backlash inside india , but it s based on the rivalry between india and pakistan ."
"police found 44 bodies across baghdad in the last two days , the iraqi interior ministry said tuesday ."
crichton originally wrote the script for the pilot in 1974 .
"a red and black uniformed military band playing stirring martial music , not christmas carols ."
the vote was 14 0 with one abstention from indonesia .
"in oberpfaffenhofen , in bavaria , germany , a car struck and killed a 72 year old man who was riding a motorbike , after a gust of wind blew the man into the wrong side of the road , police spokesman wolgang goergmaier said ."
"eric broderick , at the substance abuse and mental health services administration , says this is a good time for parents to learn more about the dangers of inhalants"
several armed groups in the niger delta are campaigning for resource control or the right of impoverished local communities to gain greater control over oil revenues from their lands .
"a local newspaper printed a picture of a kettle shaped capsule , which appeared to be about two meters long , lying amid broken bricks , beams and roof tiles ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2776005
"a statement on the russian foreign ministry s official web site monday said iran had provided additional written guarantees that the fuel can only be used at and for the bushehr plant , and that the spent fuel will be returned to russia for utilization and storage ."
"vander ark is editor of a web site containing a fan created collection of essays and encyclopedic material on the potter universe , including lists of spells and potions found in the books , a catalog of magical creatures and a who s who in the wizarding world ."
"beijing , china cnn two chinese brothers who tunneled their way out of a coal mine collapse after being trapped for nearly six days survived by eating coal and drinking urine , a local newspaper reported on tuesday ."
his words seemed to have a positive effect on wall street which probably hung on his words even more than it usually does
"lali has caused a sensation in the dusty village of saini sunpura , 25 miles east of new delhi ."
"nine percent of the voters were african american and they overwhelmingly broke for obama , 87 7 percent ."
"birkhead and stern each claim to be the father of smith s nearly 6 month old daughter , dannielynn ."
"movies cost an average of 51 million each to make and market , and hollywood churns out a couple hundred of them each year ."
"if the ordinance is approved , robesonia would likely become the first municipality in the state to impose such a ban , according to the pennsylvania state association of township supervisors ."
the president elect had learned of her story two weeks earlier after cnn profiled her when she went to the polls to vote early .
"baines will not officially be given the title until after guinness world records completes an investigation , the organization said ."
hall of fame north carolina state women s basketball coach kay yow has lost her fight against breast cancer .
"us secretary of state condoleezza rice has arrived from the middle east , where she has been trying to broker a deal ."
federal reserve chairman ben bernanke said in a speech thursday that the central bank is prepared to continue lowering interest rates in order to help keep the economy on track .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"although many areas of the country are still dangerous , the government recently began to allow some companies to make week long visits to the kurdish controlled town of irbil in northern iraq , where korean troops are stationed ."
"when the plane landed it caught fire , she said ."
"but fabiola de clercq , head of the italian association for the study of anorexia told the times newspaper that the image could encourage young women to copy caro and compete for extreme thinness ."
"however , he said the one dealing with the summons of individuals without warrants was unconstitutional , which will limit the scope of the investigation ."
"russia s ambassador to nigeria , igor melikhov , said the six men , all russians , were abducted by bandits who stormed the residential compound in two minivans ."
"called an asteroid while in space , astronomers refer to it as a meteor once it interacts with the atmosphere and begins to heat and glow ."
"the endorsement anticipated readers asking how the new york paper could reject giuliani , a man it endorsed for re election in 1997 and praised for his work cleaning up crime in the city and during the time of the september 11 , 2001 attacks ."
"libya has distributed funds to more than half the libyan families of children with hiv under a deal involving the medics who allegedly infected them , a spokesman for the families said on tuesday ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn coalition raids aimed at disrupting the flow of weapons and fighters between iraq and iran resulted in the deaths of at least 20 militants early monday in eastern iraq , according to a statement from the u . s . military ."
"shares in troubled mortgage lender northern rock rose on the london stock exchange tuesday , following the british government s vow to guarantee all its savings deposits ."
"north korea has said it provided a statement , but the united states says that statement was incomplete ."
"olmert , speaking at the israeli institute for national security studies , said it was down to the united states , russia , china and key european union nations to keep the pressure on iran ."
the rebels kidnapped 23 christian charity workers from ghazni province on 19 july .
"there are a number of good therapies that people can use , that encompass physical , spiritual and emotional components ."
"the huts are not very strong , he said . the houses are made of local materials ."
"saudi arabia s interior ministry has confirmed the arrests of scores of suspects in an anti terror sweep related to a terror plot involving attacks on senior officials and government oil , military and security installations , according to a statement posted on the state run saudi press agency web site ."
the letter follows the committee s staff report on terrorists internet use . read the report
"in the last 10 years , ebola is the single largest killer of apes . poaching is a close second , said peter walsh , a member if iucn s primate specialist group , told the ap ."
the whalers claim they are trying to return the two men but accuse sea shepherd of not co operating .
"his father has said he believed he could not care for him alone , and that placing him in an orphanage was the best way to ensure david s survival ."
place somebody in a place from where to work and travel
"additionally , transporting such species into the united states requires a customs declaration ."
"the patients were infected with clostridium difficile , or c . diff , which can cause diarrhea , colitis and other intestinal problems , officials said ."
"central was the first important test after the brown vs . board of education case to break down segregation and education . so brown happened on the court level , but this was on the ground level , trickey said ."
the scottish native is expected to have a similar job description here as the co head of president elect lee myung bak s special committee on national competitiveness .
the campaigns want to bank the votes and election workers want to ease the crowding on election day .
they use the tools of democracy to undermine democracy .
dave figures his wife would be concerned and compassionate .
all done up right before your eyes and not handed to you in a plastic wrapper by a disinterested 16 year old .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
sebire insisted there was no reason her doctors should not be permitted to help her commit suicide .
"the arm is controlled by a network of tiny electrodes called a brain machine interface , implanted into the motor cortex of the monkeys brains the region that controls movement ."
it has embarked on the creation of a new supercomputer that should reign as one of the fastest of its kind for weather forecasting for the next several years .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
also this morning word that consumers spent 1 less last month .
"two weeks after the births , doctors still won t permit skin to skin contact ."
abbas said he talked with rice about holding more meetings with olmert .
"from midnight all unregistered phones will have their signals blocked , a move thai officials hope will prevent their use as improvised bomb detonators ."
a key aide to president roh moo hyun says the two koreas may be able to discuss holding a summit after mid april depending on the north s implementation of initial steps to abandon its nuclear programs .
for god to please send me an angel .
"cho s poetry was so intimidating and his behavior so menacing that giovanni had him removed from her class in the fall of 2005 , she said ."
had a debut album neatly tied with a bow .
he used to eat a 12 ounce bag of doritos while watching television .
brazil is tied with colombia for third place in the region with five points .
"there are a lot of behavioral economists who really do say that , and really do pay , says laibson , who studies the psychological factors that play into economic decisions ."
the pageant has been investigating whether she violated her contract by making public appearances at groups opposed to same sex marriage .
"no , there s a catch . again with the catch ! the hero of fox s new amsterdam , he s been feeling seriously alone for nearly 400 years . it even drove him to drink ."
national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said the u . s . president would not be deterred .
former kgb agent litvinenko died of exposure to radioactive polonium 210 in london in november 2006 .
"zheng had appealed against his sentence , arguing that it was too severe and saying he had confessed his crimes and co operated with police ."
"a two mile protection zone and a six mile surveillance zone are being established around the infected premises , the agency said ."
"during the medal ceremony , the armenian born wrestler took the bronze medal from his neck and dropped it on the mat as he walked away ."
"north korean prime minister kim yong il will spend three days in the south korean capital , seoul , in discussions with counterpart han duck soo ."
eagles and henley spokesman larry solters said wednesday there was no comment .
many governments and rights organizations around the world accuse cuba of violating liberties by jailing critics and limiting speech and media freedoms .
"i did not and i will never go and apologize to president bush for france s position on refusing to send our troops to iraq , royal told france 2 television last week ."
"the world bank s executive board will meet on tuesday to decide the future of the organization s president , paul wolfowitz , after an internal panel concluded he had violated staff rules by arranging a promotion and pay rise for his girlfriend and and suggested the bank was suffering a crisis in leadership ."
"if the insurgents goal was to injure and kill afghan citizens , they succeeded ."
it is believed to be the first time a north korean vessel has been inspected under security council resolution 1718 .
a south korean woman held hostage with 21 others in afghanistan has pleaded for help to secure their release .
nepalese police forcefully dragged some of the protesters to awaiting vans and drove them to police stations across the capital city .
"now that alaska gov . sarah palin s not around , they seem to have run out of material , paterson told reporters monday ."
she may not have had anything to do with this
world stock markets suffered more heavy losses thursday as economic data indicated a severe slowdown was unavoidable .
"north korean was murdered by skinhead in vladivostok , russia ."
"elderly people account for most of the deaths , unable to bear temperatures in parts of the southern andhra pradesh state ."
al hashimi was invited to washington during a recent phone call with bush .
"it was the first significant turkish ground offensive into iraq since the 2003 overthrow of former iraqi dictator saddam hussein , and it ended after iraqi and u . s . officials urged turkey to make the foray as brief as possible ."
video footage shows her exiting the vehicle after the blasts .
twenty one out of 28 on trial were convicted for their parts in the islamists attacks .
"to make matters more complicated , many of the best restaurants are hidden inside anonymous office blocks or a marked only by a tiny sign , usually in japanese characters ."
"there is no evidence that beijing athletes were using either substance , moreau said ."
draft likely to be reduced
the police have been under suspicion for their attempts to overlook a revenge assault committed by the hanwha group chairman kim seung youn and delay investigating the case .
the movie combines many of the archetypes of a classic bedtime story .
"under country s law , the offense is punishable with 40 lashes , a jail term of up to a year or a fine ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban rebels on sunday ruled out more talks with the afghan government over their remaining 22 south korean hostages and said the release of militant prisoners was the only way out of the crisis ."
"the survey , which includes interviews with 1 , 393 adult americans , including 743 whites and 513 blacks , was conducted by telephone january 14 17 and has a sampling error of plus or minus 4 . 5 percentage points ."
"he said , it s one thing to attack me . it s another thing to attack somebody like gen . petraeus ."
a spokesman for british airways told the uk s press association one of their planes was involved .
"an aid to barack obama s transition team tells the associated press tonight the president elect is on track to nominate hillary clinton as secretary of state after thanksgiving , barring any unforeseen problems ."
"while officials were on the scene sunday , evidence collection , documentation and measurements will start monday ."
draft likely to be reduced
the reaction came after the board of audit and inspection bai claimed the fund was ineligible to buy a bank in 2003 and that financial regulators approved its purchase of keb in violation of the law .
"he won with a comfortable margin in the lower house , but only a narrow one in the upper house ."
"yes , he s only been in office since tuesday , but with stocks way down again this morning , obama does want to get this done soon ."
"the korea herald reports supreme court justice nominee kim young ran yesterday called on the national assembly to abolish within its term the controversial hoju system , in which women are not allowed to officially head a family ."
"bush , 61 , regularly exercises and is considered to be in excellent shape for a man his age ."
"if by two o clock today 0930 gmt , the taliban are not freed , then some of them will probably be killed . our patience is running out ."
"on a personal level i had as one of my goals to become no . 1 during this year and competing at so many events might have harmed , especially at the end of the season , my physical condition , taking away the freshness needed to play at the top level of the game in these last events , nadal said ."
"go up to sedona , go to tucson . . . experience more of what the state has to offer than its ability to put on a super bowl , sullivan said ."
the human security act was approved by the house of representatives late and now goes to president gloria arroyo to be signed into law .
"erich kastner , the last german veteran , died january 1 this year , aged 107 ."
"elsewhere in iraq , a roadside bomb targeting an iraqi army convoy killed at least two civilians and wounded four others in southeastern baghdad s zafaraniya district about 8 a . m . sunday , according to an interior ministry official ."
6 . are you an active member in your church ?
"fire officials in santa barbara , california are trying to hold back a wildfire threatening about 2 , 000 homes in the city ."
both recorders were sent to washington to be reviewed as early as sunday night .
klein said his friends wanted to talk about two things while he was building his man cave
the show that just earned him another golden globe nomination for best actor in a tv drama .
"in the case of pasta , italians will soon be paying up to 20 percent more for their daily serving of fettuccine , linguine or spaghetti ."
many people only recently realized the change would even impact computers .
"the battle , lebanon s worst internal violence since the 1975 90 civil war , killed 76 soldiers , at least 60 militants and more than 20 civilians ."
"chinese authorities have tightly restricted access to tibet and tibetan areas of western china , where protests also broke out ."
the transport strikes were triggered by sarkozy s plan to reform special retirement benefits for certain public sector workers .
"i m saying when the president does it , that means it s not illegal , nixon said during the interview , cementing his ignominy ."
but the family has decided youssif should seek treatment in the united states .
"an additional 125 , 000 receive implantable cardioverter defibrillators , or icds , which can shock the heart back into a normal rhythm ."
it was not immediately clear whether the blast was caused by an israeli airstrike or a bomb in the car .
clinton recently has fended off calls from prominent obama supporters including sen . patrick leahy of vermont to drop out of the race .
posts to be filled include cowen s former positions of deputy prime minister and finance minister .
"the new york philharmonic orchestra performed its historic concert in pyongyang , north korea tuesday night , the first ever performance by a u . s . orchestra in that country ."
"proceeds from that section go to winfrey s angel network , which contributes to a number of projects ."
"that is a fairly good outcome , given the fragile status of young birds on their first migration , said ruoppolo ."
us president george w bush has threatened the use of force against iran saying all options are on the table to prevent iran from developing nuclear weapons .
"park narrowly lost to lee in a bitter primary race for the grand national party nomination in august . lee was also stung recently when lee hoi chang , a former leader of the grand national party , announced his third bid for the presidency this time as an independent ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"but for those who still need their afternoon dose of caffeine , there is a cheap alternative ."
"he says the current system has proven to be too unstable and fragile , and failed investors in basic , fundamental ways ."
how much is being held in savings and what s the plan for the rest ?
"nancy reagan , wife of the late president ronald reagan , is hospitalized in california after suffering a broken pelvis , according to spokeswoman joanne drake ."
"the data will help researchers learn about socializing patterns , such as whether they mimic others or learn behavior from scratch through trial and error , said elliott albers with the center for behavioral neuroscience ."
this show followed two international space fashion shows in japan and the u . s .
"and operating base , the military said ."
"we re facing the perfect storm , california gov . arnold schwarzenegger said tuesday morning . we have very strong winds , low humidity and the heat ."
"heathrow s new terminal , which cost 8 . 6 billion and was two decades in the making , boasts sophisticated luggage system designed to handle 12 , 000 bags an hour ."
four of the victims were 14 or younger .
"i do hope the cold war is not going to be repeated , he said . we must take advantage of opportunities to avoid that ."
"the skyrocketing cost of food has triggered violence in some countries , including haiti , bangladesh and egypt ."
living in a cage in hong kong
armstrong fears for safety in tour de france
they asked readers to send in their photos and got an overwhelming response that s still going strong .
"firefox comes from mozilla , an open source community in which thousands of people , mostly volunteers , collectively develop free products ."
"that could be seen as an insult to the prophet mohammed , the reports said ."
mattel released a statement saying letters have been sent to facebook in the u . s . regarding the scrabulous application .
"china s manufacturing sector , which produced 14 percent of the clothing , toys and footwear imported into the united states last year , has decelerated rapidly over the past few months , pulled down by a pair of factors ."
flying with the flu ?
"the highest was in anchorage , 3 . 50"
"the protesters , who were joined by a group of monks in crimson robes , held posters reading free aung san suu kyi now and china s gain , burma s pain ."
"the children s commissioner for england , who oversees children s rights , has called for a ban on the ultra sonic gadget , known as the mosquito , which disperses young people by emitting sharp , piercing sounds ."
that would be news to osama bin laden .
flying with the flu ?
it s not just the big three automakers that are hurting .
"the marines , whose members serve seven months deployed , are unaffected by wednesday s order , said gen . peter pace , the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff ."
"one of them bae hyung kyu , 42 , a pastor at the church attended by the hostages and the leader of their group was shot and killed ."
"the dow jones industrial average surged 363 points in early trading after bush and paulson spoke before dropping back and eventually closing down by 76 points , or 0 . 82 percent ."
obama s wins give him more delegates than clinton .
"the government has been heavily involved in aig for some months now , and it s shocking that they would the administration would come to us now and act surprised about these contracts ."
"according to wxyz , obama personally left a voice message for agar wednesday afternoon , apologizing for both not answering the question and for calling her sweetie ."
this will put millions of people in coastal regions at risk .
"the president plans to replace the prime minister and several ministers involved in the controversial beef deal , including those who deal with agriculture , health , foreign and economic policies , according to a report by yonhap , the south korean news agency ."
"despite what you may have read , heard or seen on tv , the summer of 2007 was pretty average for travelers ."
"the video , which surfaced tuesday , showed four white students putting five black female housekeepers at their university dormitory in bloemfontein through a series of competitions in the style of the program fear factor ."
"in the last 16 months , kampusch has been transformed into a media personality , appearing on television shows around the world ."
"what are the effects of free trade and globalization ? what are the driving forces behind worldwide urbanization ? paul krugman has formulated a new theory to answer these questions , the academy said in its citation ."
"chip babcock , a lawyer for winfrey s harpo productions , denied the allegations in bonvillain s suit ."
researchers agree that intense physical exercise is not the only way to gain better health .
in 1995 north korea asked help to the un on an emergency basis .
draft likely to be reduced
"police have said nowak wore diapers to avoid stopping during the 900 mile drive from houston , texas , to orlando ."
"so it s very heartening for me to have some confirmation that his situation isn t grave . it was probably smart for them apple to announce it at this time , because there s been an inordinate amount of speculation ."
"people brought beach chairs and coolers , some paddled canoes , others just sunbathed ."
"the u . n . s special representative to east timor , atul khare , commended the election , which was overseen by 500 foreign observers , as a peaceful day for the people of east timor ."
"that s all i can say , parker county sheriff larry fowler said . watch the sheriff describe the horrific scene inside the mobile home"
"two more homes have been burned in coatesville , pennsylvania ."
kao said the next round will focus on financial cooperation .
"the portuguese woman , his romantic partner , was arrested because she was with him at their luxury home in southern spain , but was not named on the french warrant , the police official said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the sim card , or subscriber identity module , is almost always located in the phone s battery compartment ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"in a reaction reminiscent of the authoritarian military rule of general park chung hee , the mbc television network decided to on sunday shut down its live music program after members of a local underground band were arrested for indecent exposure after a telecast on saturday ."
"the sights and sounds of hatred , prejudice and genocide ."
"ambassador crocker expressed his satisfaction with the efforts made by the minister to hold this meeting , according to a statement from the foreign minister s office ."
president roh said n . k . could have a right to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes .
the two sides faced off in broward county circuit court on thursday at a probate hearing that bounced from custody of the body to dna sampling to whether a baby can be considered next of kin under florida law .
"however , later on sunday a spokesman for denied that there was any chance of the player staying in madrid ."
"roy lynn oakley , 67 , of roane county , tennessee , appeared in federal court in knoxville on thursday ."
troops killed a saudi insurgent whose network was responsible for that attack .
"meanwhile , in berkeley , california , north korea s u . n . ambassador met with officials from south korea , the united states , china , japan and the european union for talks aimed at allaying tensions on the korean peninsula ."
no passengers were onboard .
an infection can lead to dangerous liver disease .
"the two nations are also likely to talk about possible reparations for japan s colonial rule in north korea , as well as pyongyang s nuclear ambitions ."
"a norwegian journalist was killed , along with at least seven other people , in the brazen attack on serena hotel ."
"the violence doesn t bother anybody because it s done in a way that s not offensive , said dan fellman , warner bros . head of distribution . people love the movie , they love the originality ."
she said she decided to plead guilty to felony theft and misdemeanor marijuana possession because she wanted to take responsibility for her actions .
"mike mcconnell , who laid out global threats facing the united states for a senate committee , said that unrest in africa s most populous country could spill into neighboring countries ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the state of israel and its citizens are as one at this difficult time , israeli prime minister ariel sharon s office said in a statement ."
"south korean bioengineer yi so yeon , 29 , and cosmonauts oleg kononenko and sergei volkov will spend two days in the cramped capsule before docking at the orbiting station ."
nasa has until tuesday to send discovery and a crew of 7 to the international space station .
"bolt is disney s first animated feature since pixar guru john lasseter took over the company s animation division , so it s no surprise the voice cast is loaded with top talent ."
"capricious , mercurial or just unlucky ?"
"when asked by a lawyer whether he would be prepared to kill americans , he said"
permits are required to possess rhesus monkeys and many other species of animals .
"i don t trust you , said the panel s head , democratic senator patrick leahy ."
"i was standing around getting ready to go back to work and all of a sudden i heard this bang , bang , bang it sounded like someone shooting fireworks , a witness told cnn affiliate ketv . i ran to get away from whatever was happening ."
"when sharks attack humans , it inevitably makes news it is a sexy story ."
permitting presidents consecutive terms would contribute greatly to promoting responsible politics .
"yet it s an enjoyable ramble , with a feel for what made the early days of rock as wild as any that followed ."
"in the midst of the devastation , china s central government has announced it will allocate 10 billion , or 70 billion yuan , for the country s reconstruction fund , according to state media ."
the ins released him but began deportation proceedings .
"ed donahue is , of course , at lafayette park watching as the inaugural events are going on ."
five ways to keep alzheimer s away
the move would be made under the 700 billion wall street bailout passed by congress on friday .
"the palestinians had sought a vote in the 191 member assembly urging israel to obey the july 9th court opinion , but european union states sought to include mention of the middle east peace process in the resolution , a european diplomat said ."
at least 49 people were killed in bomb attacks across the country on july 19 alone .
"ko san , a mathematician , was originally supposed to fly on the soyuz ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenyan negotiators trying to end the violent ethnic tensions that erupted after the disputed presidential elections last year have reached some sort of a political agreement and will continue talking next week , a spokesman for the mediators said ."
"for craig , my husband , allowing the cameras to film his last moments in zurich was about facing the end of life honestly , she told the independent ."
"the fifth ranked williams has reached the final in all three previous appearances at the event , which features the top eight players ."
"on the nyse stocks fell on thursday , with the benchmark s p 500 plummeting to a 15 month low , as news of a plunge in regional factory activity and a hefty loss at merrill lynch further clouded an increasingly dire view of the economy ."
"the council s statement issued late monday questioned the legitimacy of any election held under such circumstances but did not directly call for the runoff , scheduled for friday , to be postponed ."
"the move is intended to help spur the domestic cartoon industry , the agency said ."
japan s chief cabinet secretary yasuhisa shiozaki said on thursday that washington considers the financial talks very constructive and tokyo hopes it will have a positive impact on the six party nuclear talks .
salmonella is a bacterial infection that lives in the intestinal tracts of humans and other animals .
the organization said it initially requested documents related to the 2001 2003 planning sessions in 2004 and received them last month .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
included in the report was a list of governments and private companies who had broken the un trade embargo on iraq .
"the poll could be held on november 25 , if a post coup constitution is approved in an august referendum , he said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
movie based video games are a lot like movie sequels
the half hour line snakes around a corrugated metal building that looks like an airplane hangar at edwards air force base .
"we re very nervous about the potential risk . once it gets turned off , it could be very interesting , he added ."
most chinese cannot take a break when they want .
she remained there all week .
"the typhoon washed away 6 , 000 houses , damaged 52 , 000 houses and destroyed about 200 , 000 acres of crops , lowry said ."
"it s extremely frustrating , kinney said ."
the vote is now scheduled to take place in may to allow hearings on new allegations against him .
"the inca empire , based in the ancient city of cuzco , flourished along the western edge of south america during the 1400s , prior to the arrival of the spanish ."
the uk s ftse 100 was down by 3 . 9 at one point .
"clinton has more superdelegates supporting her , and the overall count is close ."
friday classes also are canceled at the school s dekalb campus .
another breaking story now
"meanwhile , up to 1 , 000 serbian protesters gathered sunday in the ethnically divided northern kosovo town of mitrovica as protests continued one week since kosovo s break from belgrade , ap said ."
the people cut it to pieces and buried it along the walls of florence .
"correspondents say that by threatening to use the veto for the first time in his presidency , bush has made it clear he will make a stand ."
"it covers about two thirds of the dna of cinnamon , a research cat that lives at the university of missouri in columbia more complete results are expected next year , o brien said ."
"he got rid of the protective detail that he traveled with , really just to change his signature ."
the couple also divided their property into four sections for themselves and their two children .
"we ll never know if the analysts were right because the price of gas headed south . oh sure , they were annoyed by it the access america survey singled out fuel prices as the no . 1 travel annoyance this summer , with about eight in 10 travelers complaining about them ."
flying with the flu ?
"in addition , the rate of breast cancer has doubled or tripled in countries like japan , singapore and korea , according to the report ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn an 8 . 4 magnitude earthquake struck in the indian ocean off the coast of indonesia s sumatra island wednesday evening , killing nine people in sumatra and shaking buildings hundreds of miles away ."
"north korean officials made indirect contact with woori bank , which has a branch at the gaeseong industrial park on the north s side of the border ."
"7 , vershbow said that north korea is a criminal regime and the u . s . cannot remove sanctions as a political gesture when the regime is engaging in dangerous activities such as weapons exports to other rogue states ."
"the cave dwellers are also refusing to speak to russian orthodox priests brought in to negotiate , he said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
one patient wrote nedrow enthusiastically about an herb to treat low libido .
"shiroo also sent a letter to broadcaster tv asahi to protest recent money scandals linked to ito , including hidden accounts and public works contracts , kyodo reported ."
nepal s election commissioner estimated turnout of about 60 percent much higher than previous elections .
"iraq which has about a 60 percent shiite population is also made up of sunni arabs , kurds , turkmens , christians and others ."
that would give more time to aim arrow anti missiles at it .
"by contrast , visually assisted thoracic surgery , also known as vats , uses two to four small incisions less than two inches long ."
australian wildlife officials say rescuers have returned 11 pilot whales to sea .
defense secretary des browne had already authorized deployment of an extra 800 troops to the region on february 1 .
"don brown wasn t looking for a new job , but after working through a recent november weekend , he became co founder of a new web site ."
"after elizabeth was born , walker and his partner separated ."
"in addition , robert levinson , an american and retired fbi agent , has been missing since march 8 , when he was last seen on iran s kish island ."
"unfortunately , we have not been organized in a manner that allowed us to have a laser focus on the customer ."
"the 17 year old went to a police station in the town of aizuwakamatsu , north of tokyo , carrying the head in a sports bag , japanese media said ."
only a few empty hotels now stand there .
victims groups were furious at the acquittals and perceived leniency of some of the sentences .
officials hope to conclude negotiations within a year .
justine was a great opponent . she always challenged herself to play her best tennis no matter what the circumstances .
they began to congregate here because it s where fishermen cleaned their catch .
kloner also said the filmmakers assertions are false .
"police spokesman ralf moritz said about 30 other people were injured , some of them seriously , in the accident on the a14 highway between halle and magdeburg ."
"since the u . s . trade embargo was imposed more than 40 years ago as part of president kennedy s stand against the communist government , americans have been banned from buying cigars from cuba ."
"we have to keep talking , maradona told reporters . there are some things to resolve ."
sharapova has not played competitively since pulling out of a tournament in montreal in late july after winning a nearly three hour match in which she double faulted 17 times .
"the videos came in all forms people facing the camera straight on , people in makeup , people with flashcards ."
the youngsters had some adult supervision for their return to the wild .
"cnn a 30 year old dolphin at sea world has died after colliding with another dolphin while performing aerial tricks , the orlando , florida , amusement park said monday ."
hundreds of lebanese applauded as army tanks shelled the camp a sign of the long standing tensions between some lebanese and the tens of thousands of palestinians who took refuge from fighting in israel over the past decades .
hilton initially reported to the jail just after midnight sunday and was released early thursday to home detention with electronic monitoring because of an unspecified medical condition .
"it is also the worst start by any defending champions . united lie 16th in the table , trailing their neighbors by seven points and chelsea by five ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the handset uses google s android software and is being touted as a phone with the capability of a hand held computer .
"the creator of such games as populous , syndicate , magic carpet , theme park , and dungeon keeper , he is one of the few ambidextrous game designers ."
"it doesn t appear activity has slowed down , they re just looking to save more often , said rivers , whose publication is often sold in schools and community organizations as a fundraising tool ."
"seats , luggage and clothing were scattered as far as 200 feet from the point of impact ."
living in a cage in hong kong
fit or fat soldiers ?
"the unusual combination of factors found in the kosovo situation including the context of yugoslavia s breakup , the history of ethnic cleansing and crimes against civilians in kosovo , and the extended period of u . n . administration are not found elsewhere and therefore make kosovo a special case ."
"fawzy barhoom , a spokesman for hamas which controls gaza , said this operation came directly after the attack committed inside gaza . this operation is a normal response ."
"obama plans to name retired marine gen . jim jones as his national security adviser at the white house , the officials said ."
but the organization s resolution did not mollify everyone .
"thanks to today s amendments , the good old days of liberal strippergate will be a thing of the past ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"that may come as a surprise to fans of the actor , whose slick backed hair is part of his signature look on mad men"
"brown , a former member of new edition , gained solo fame with singles such as don t be cruel and my prerogative ."
"a bridge under construction as a tourist attraction in central china collapsed , killing at least 22 people and leaving 46 missing , china central television reported tuesday ."
"rowles said he went inside , got his rifle and fired three shots to scare the youths away , according to a warren township police report ."
"mike don , lear , death of a salesman , i ve done all sorts but , particularly during the days of hill street blues , i ll be known as sarge , haha , which is alright ."
"during tuesday s two hour meeting , chen and chief taiwanese negotiator chiang pin kung agreed to hold high level talks every six months alternatively in taipei and beijing , taiwanese official kao koong lian told reporters ."
men charged with plotting to kill obama
both countries have set out to court foreign direct investment .
the north s official news agency kcna has announced blastings at construction sites of hydro power stations in the north of korea had taken place .
"the move could start a legal battle over what constitutes pornography , a concept vaguely defined under korean law ."
on sunday the pro communist chavez said the king was imprudent and asked if he knew in advance of the brief coup against him .
"microsoft s consistent belief has been that the combination of microsoft and yahoo ! clearly represents the best way to deliver maximum value to our respective shareholders , as well as create a more efficient and competitive company that would provide greater value and service to our customers , microsoft ceo ballmer said in a letter to yahoo ! s board of directors ."
shoe thrower s brother
"quoting the statements of witnesses , the police confirmed that ten youths assaulted three north koreans on saturday , with one victim stabbed and killed ."
sears is gaining market share and is solidly profitable again .
the sentence was suspended for five years meaning park will not be jailed if he stays out of trouble for that long .
"sen . obama will discuss what patriotism means to him and what it requires of all americans who love this country and want to see it do better , obama spokesman bill burton wrote in a morning e mail to reporters ."
"the education ministry confirmed its preliminary list of 25 universities that will be allowed to open u . s . style law schools yesterday , resisting blue house pressure to evenly distribute legal education to institutions around the nation ."
"u . s . stock index futures also were down , suggesting that shares could drop again when the market opens in new york ."
obama had almost 3 million supporters on facebook and put together a massive database of e mail addresses
its merchants dumped their profits into stunning palaces lining the renamed via garibaldi .
the olympic committee said it voted 9 3 monday to withdraw its request for guarantees because the games would cost too much .
"in the republican address , wyoming senator john barrasso says the white house is ignoring an energy supply that could be used alongside wind and solar power"
authorities flew in three helicopters to pluck somchai to safety .
draft likely to be reduced
kosovo s 90 percent albanian majority demands independence .
"new mexico s high school dropout rate is 33 , north carolina is 28 ."
but opening a restaurant in the eiffel tower comes with its own challenges .
"al zawahiri , who led an egyptian islamic militant group that joined forces with bin laden in the 1990s , said innocents who have been killed in attacks by al qaeda or affiliated groups died as a result of unintentional error or because they were used as human shields by the enemy ."
"through fog and wind , palestinians rush around on streets chewed up by tank treads to buy food before the soldiers shout for people to get back inside ."
"earlier this month , he said that despite the scandal associated with the seat , he wanted the job ."
"the u . s . s . ronald reagan , a nuclear powered aircraft carrier , was in the area wednesday in support of relief efforts ."
ready mixed concrete industry workers are also expected to join .
"and after 23 years , no less !"
south korea s prime minister lee hae chan has resigned for playing golf when he was supposed to be dealing with a national railway strike .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the first half we were not controlling . . . the second half a little bit better but when you play against chelsea you know they like to counter attack , said benitez ."
"simpson was being held in isolation at the clark county jail because he is a high profile inmate , dillon said ."
"but marcia hoffman , an attorney for the foundation , says the searches go too far ."
"9 nuclear test , which he said had overly rattled foreign investors ."
prospective employers stuck waiting for lattes or red lights . some people have called her gimmick really clever
christmas became egypt s 18th national holiday .
"the air force reported it had no aircraft flying that night , which left people wondering what they saw ."
"backed by the ruling liberal democratic party , ito was campaigning for his fourth term in office before sunday s elections ."
"in october 2002 , north korea admitted it was developing a nuclear weapons program in violation of the 1994 agreed framework reached between the united states and north korea ."
"responding to larijani s interview , a spokeswoman at the british foreign office said officials were still studying larijani s remarks ."
"in a few weeks , we will be on our way to nominating the next president of the united states ."
"he sometimes asks me how i am in the mornings , she said ."
"peru s president , alejandro toledo manrique , will pay a state visit to seoul on nov ."
will my baby stop breathing ?
"far right veteran jean marie le pen does not look likely to repeat his shock success of 2002 , when he made the second round run off against president jacques chirac , but is still not being counted out ."
"one man showed up at a federal building , asking for release from the reality show he was sure was being made of his life ."
the center of the building has been largely rebuilt to include a new grand staircase and a skylight .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"japan says it has shown sufficient remorse over the issue , but survivors and relatives say it should go further ."
but he said it was interesting to watch as minister after minister described their respective unhappiness at their inability to get assistance in to burma .
"this latest recall marks the fourth in six months , prompting the eu to embark on a two month review of its toy safety regulations , expected to be complete in november ."
"but google , the world leader in web search services , is the focus of mounting paranoia over the scope of its powers as it expands into new advertising formats from online video to radio and tv , while creating dozens of new internet services ."
posing like the virgin mary .
the beijing youth daily and several other papers published photos wednesday of the five babies swaddled in blankets and lying close to each other on a bed with numbers above their heads .
"a woman with a wrinkled face and long , gray black hair swished a broom to push puddles of rain water into a pail ."
japan s first openly lesbian politician hopes running for parliament will raise awareness of gay rights in a society so conservative that many prefer to stay in the closet .
we will continue to monitor the well being of the other embassy staff in tehran .
elizabeth edwards first underwent treatment for breast cancer after the 2004 campaign in which her husband was the democratic vice presidential nominee .
"the market last year grossed an estimated 244 billion won 186 million , up 27 percent from a year earlier , data from the korea film commission showed ."
obama and ford are both black and ford has endorsed clinton .
"a separate roadside bombing , in a shiite neighborhood on the eastern side of the city , left three people wounded , the official said ."
"as well as the three new cases in ankara , another two people in the eastern region of van have also tested positive for h5n1 , onal said ."
"the relationship break up of britain s prince william and longtime girlfriend kate middleton sparked a media frenzy sunday , as the country s newspapers speculated on the reasons behind the split ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"also , extroverts are more likely to form social connections than introverts , he said ."
"the kremlin forced shell and its japanese partners in april to cede control of sakhalin 2 , the world s biggest liquefied natural gas project , to russia s state gas giant gazprom at what analysts considered a knockdown price ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"following the national assembly s rejection of the revised bill on the national pension fund on monday , the three ministers guiding it yesterday urged lawmakers to reconsider it ."
"he says afghanistan s taliban militia , which allowed al qaeda to operate from the territory it controlled , had no advance knowledge of the plot ."
it s predominantly christian but hasn t always been .
"i think it s a lot of flying which has done it , she said ."
"kandahar residents can enroll for free , but the school is currently running on a first come , first serve basis and funding and space are already straining their limits ."
"texas also held democratic caucuses tuesday , but it was too close to declare a winner ."
unemployment olympics is just about putting a smile on everyone s face and i think it worked out really well today .
"plasma display panels are the principal component in flat screen television , one of the fastest growing segments of the television market ."
this democratic congress and the house armed services committee will not let the president get away with saying whatever he wants without checking his facts anymore .
many people decided to spend election day as their avatars and they weren t alone .
"investigators at a police station in the southeastern industrial city of ulsan initially arrested three suspects , but saturday arrested another nine of the 41 suspects after victims and their families protested ."
"they are paraded on the final day of the three day festival , much to the delight of the assembled crowds , who jostle and shake them as they pass ."
arsenal lost both their unbeaten record this season and leadership of group h after slumping to a 3 1 champions league defeat at sevilla .
simpson s robbery and kidnapping trial in las vegas .
"separately , it sent a bill for 8 . 3 million won covering mr . lee s use of the courts in the second half of last year ."
"looking for a good place to watch the returns come in on the upper west side in nyc , tweeted colleen newvine on monday ."
i feel responsible for the leak and have decided to step down . he made public his intention to quit the post after talking with a cheong wa dae secretary .
"their passage from india began with a reality show , the million dollar arm competition , staged from mumbai to delhi ."
"korea s largest medical doctors lobbying group gave tens of millions of won to lawmakers to scuttle a proposed medical law revision , according to a recorded conversation among its leaders ."
"happiness , as i try to argue in the book , tends to slip away from you when you think about it too much ."
"destruction at school students at enterprise high school huddled in the auditorium , near the center of campus , after tornado sirens sounded thursday , according to an enterprise police department official ."
carlos tevez stepped off the bench to grab a late equalizer for manchester united in their champions league knock out round first leg match with lyon in france .
living in a cage in hong kong
"it is an insult to the united nations and the international community , johndroe said ."
other countries also took fresh action sunday to support their economies .
"you won t find the base on any map , but you will find it in these old satellite pictures we discovered , taken by both the soviets and the u . s . government ."
"a fierce sea clash erupted between sri lanka s navy and tamil tiger rebels off the country s east coast overnight , the military said sunday , as two days of ground battles killed 28 combatants in the north and east ."
"the massachusetts senator , a roman catholic who for months was reluctant to discuss his religion on the campaign trail , expounded on the ideology , values and convictions he said he would bring to the white house if he won the nov ."
the group said it hoped to dispel conspiracy theories about the crash .
"subiandono added that there were difficulties with suharto s blood flow and that his breathing pipe had to be cleared early sunday after indications it was becoming clogged , ap reported ."
"former soviet president gorbachev said monday i express my deep condolences to the family of the departed . he did a lot for this country , even though he committed serious errors . a tragic fate ."
"with a population of 60 , 000 , it was even bigger than paris ."
"this , on news of an unexpected rise in new unemployment claims at a drop in factory orders ."
flying with the flu ?
"i want to talk to the people . . . to see if she is alive or not , what her state of health is , juan carlos lecompte said after he landed in san jose del guaviare , a steamy provincial capital in eastern colombia ."
"the runway , he added , is the only safe area . so they come out ."
the jury of seven men and five women began its deliberations friday night .
the intended japanese mother decided she did not want the baby .
"the two sides have competed separately since the 1950 53 korean war , though they have marched together at some recent sports events ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"intuition when feeding and caring for the new baby , because scientific knowledge about their development is limited , toda said ."
"one showed a naked man on a concrete cellblock floor , his neck in a leash held by a female american gi ."
"when it comes to dna , there s not that much difference between mice and men ."
"narita , japan cnn the dalai lama said he supports china s hosting of the summer olympics on thursday , but insisted that nobody had the right to tell protesters demanding freedom for tibet to shut up ."
"she has dated a range of famous men , including mick jagger and donald trump , and has also reportedly been linked to singer eric clapton and actor vincent perez ."
"i thank god for brad pitt , guy said thursday when reporters viewed the first six homes pitt and family visited monday and tuesday ."
news of the attack pushed crude oil futures higher into record territory .
"taliban fighters seized miya nishin district in kandahar province late monday , provincial police chief esmatullah alizai said ."
experts say the optimum ratio would be five kids to each multimedia computer .
"in this rural setting outside of pottstown , pennsylvania , a woman has made medical history ."
the south koreans are members of a church group and came to afghanistan to perform volunteer medical aid .
most government offices will be off limits to reporters .
"jankovic started slowly against casey dellacqua , trailing 0 4 in the first set before rallying for a 6 4 6 4 win ."
both recorders were sent to washington to be reviewed as early as sunday night .
"the problem we have is not a lack of good ideas , obama said in milwaukee , wisconsin , friday . it s that washington today is a place where good ideas go to die ."
new york cnn track star marion jones pleaded guilty friday to lying to a federal investigator about taking banned substances .
"on saturday , serbian authorities said they had arrested nearly 200 rioters who took part in the violence ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
she said she discussed the situation with israeli and tour officials before deciding to compete in the tournament .
"windows operating systems run on more than 95 percent of the world s computers and represent the redmond , washington based company s biggest profit driver ."
"cho never wrote about guns , roy said , or killing people but his writing was disturbing enough that she went to police and other university officials to seek help ."
"everyone will see a drop of eight to 11 degrees on tuesday , said stuart seto of the national weather service . by thursday , things will be getting back to normal ."
"the centers for disease control and prevention has said that since mid april , 145 people infected with salmonella with the same genetic fingerprint have been identified ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the government immediately took over 60 branches of a company called dmg and shuttered its doors .
"the building was at least six stories high , and each level fell on top of the one below ."
"but the tough economy is bringing people back to the ways of old times , when quantity beat quality ."
"please prepare sufficient quarantine inspection measures ahead of imports , fully reflecting the results of the additional talks , prime minister han seung soo said at a meeting with agriculture officials , the yonhap news agency reported ."
another protest ship collided with a japanese whale spotting ship on monday .
"a wall of water reportedly 30 feet high struck the island of choiseul and swept a third of a mile inland , while smaller but still destructive waves surged ashore elsewhere in the western part of the impoverished archipelago , causing widespread damage and leaving thousands homeless ."
"for her part , rice has criticized what she sees as democratic setbacks in president vladimir putin s russia ."
"austria s nicole hosp , the world cup champion in 2007 and currently sixth overall , hurt her knee when she fell ahead of sunday s action on the crveni spust course ."
and the breakout attention received by republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin it seems like the show s influence is greater than it s been in years .
"to reduce the risk of contracting salmonella or other foodborne illnesses from cantaloupes , the fda recommends"
"the prints were made by three early , upright walking humans as they descended the treacherous side of a volcano perhaps to escape an eruption , researchers reported in thursday s issue of the journal nature ."
the president also will meet with his economic and military advisors .
sources close to the negotiations said the talks had reached a standstill
"they ll be pushed to the brink , said a . k . roy of the hazards centre sanchal foundation , a non governmental organization ."
the dry cured parma ham must age for at least a year in special conditions .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
that marked the highest number of layoffs in almost four years .
"they also called on him to give more than half the royalties he gets from book , at the center of the storm , to u . s . soldiers wounded in iraq and families of the dead . watch sec . of state condoleezza rice talk about tenet s book"
"we don t know when it will recover , said kongrit . the government should be taking steps to solve this problem ."
"i m going to bomb , bomb , bomb the school with everybody in it , said omar hussein , as he clutched a pink toy airplane ."
"the deployment , pledged earlier this year for the northern iraq oil town of kirkuk , was put on hold amid concerns it would involve combat operations in violation of a parliamentary mandate for peacekeeping ."
"crowds applauded in front of the courthouse as birkhead , smith s former boyfriend , made the announcement , and birkhead teared up as he thanked his supporters ."
south and north korea navies succeeded in exchanging radio communications .
"elected to the osaka legislature in 2003 , otsuji helped change laws to make it easier for same sex couples to rent public housing ."
we are not here to find rob blagojevich guilty of crimes beyond a reasonable doubt .
"roy , who taught cho one on one after removing him from giovanni s class , recalled cho exhibiting a palpable anger and secretly taking photographs of other students while holding the camera under his desk ."
the battles are the worst internal violence since the end of lebanon s civil war in 1990 .
washington described the discussions as frank but that there was no sign the burmese military government had changed its basic opinions .
"fifth seed serena williams defeated russia s vera zvonareva 6 4 3 6 6 3 to capture the 1 . 3 million family circle cup , her third tournament title of the year ."
"if cairns is where australians play , melbourne is where they work ."
"van nistelrooy , the club s leading striker , is out for the remainder of the season after undergoing knee surgery last month ."
"the french leader , whom bush will host at a white house dinner tuesday night , has said that he understands americans were struck in the heart by the september 11 , 2001 , attacks and that they considered french criticism of the iraq invasion a betrayal ."
"moscow , russia cnn the russian military has successfully tested what it described as the world s most powerful non nuclear air delivered bomb , russia s state television reported tuesday ."
"those included the march 22 purchase of two empty , 10 round magazines for a walther p22 handgun from a company in rigby , idaho , that sells hunting and shooting supplies ."
"gaumer said most national parks have some accessible facilities , but the information has never been compiled in one place before ."
"after authorities finished rescue efforts on thursday , the official xinhua news agency reported the death toll , citing province officials , but it did not say how badly hurt the injured were or explain the cause of the explosion ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
north korea releases photo of kim jong il
they said 22 soldiers had also been killed .
"the taliban have killed two korean hostages , accusing the afghan government of not negotiating in good faith and ignoring their demand to release rebel prisoners ."
"the find is important , aldenderfer said , because it signals the early emergence of a desire for status among people who lived as relative equals without a formal leadership system ."
we never stop and we never take any breaks .
"north korea s media criticized south korea s new president for the first time since his inauguration in a blistering rebuke , warning tuesday that seoul s pro u . s . policies could lead to irrevocable catastrophic consequences ."
"ahmadinejad said iran s first step in the field of space technology had been taken wisely and precisely , irna reported ."
i m long john active .
"has pioneered quicker , simpler dna tests to work out which bones go together ."
improve your kiss
"lawyer vehbi kahveci , head of the intellectual and industrial property rights commission of the istanbul bar , told hurriyet daily news . com that the batman name was registered worldwide ."
"fernando torres scored the only goal of the game , sliding the ball past german keeper jens lehmann after 33 minutes as the spaniards took a grip on the match which they never let slip ."
"the man drew attention to himself by looking odd and out of place , mitchell said ."
north korea has charged that the united states left it no option but to secure nuclear arms as a deterrent and pledged that as long as it was subject to u . s . sanctions it would not return to talks .
"i don t think that we can resolve the issue of specific numbers or specific amounts during these talks , losyukov said after a meeting with south korea s chun ."
"today , americans celebrate the memorial day holiday in different ways ."
"based on my experience of working with mr . selebi in his capacity as delegate , vice president and ultimately president of the organization , he has always conducted himself and acted in a way to enhance global security and police co operation worldwide , noble said in a statement ."
"they must apply for visas in person and don t have convenient flights to the state , he said ."
the diplomats said that the amount of data handed over would be lower than under the current agreement but u . s . authorities would be able to hold the information for longer . we ll try to finish this
she d been working in iran for several news organizations .
hyundai and kia account for more than 70 percent of south korea s automobile exports .
would end in defeat .
"luckily we live in a world where women can overlook the physical and focus on things more important , like having a good personality . . . or being on a tv show , the 42 year old actor comedian says ."
"people came out of the machine crying , she said ."
authorities say he preaches holy war and admires osama bin laden .
"earthquakes frequently hit britain between 200 and 300 annually , according to the british geological survey , although most have a magnitude of less than 2 . earthquakes with a magnitude of 4 . 0 to 4 . 9 hit mainland britain about once every two years and strike beneath the north sea about once per year ."
"the maldives is an archipelago of almost 1 , 200 coral islands located south southwest of india ."
their defense was by no means watertight but united failed to make their superiority tell .
"iran can now produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale , president ahmadinejad has announced , in a move likely to further strain tensions with the west ."
"the energy is then abruptly released in the form of a shimmering display of lights , said principal investigator vassilis angelopoulos of the university of california at los angeles ."
"but issues cropped up in that process thursday , whipple said ."
"the fiscal 2009 shortfall is projected to be 11 . 2 billion , the governor s office said ."
"by deciphering this genome , we could , in theory , generate data that one day may help other researchers to bring the woolly mammoth back to life by inserting the uniquely mammoth dna sequences into the genome of the modern day elephant , schuster said ."
organizers will stage a swim meet in the watercube on friday to test the facilities .
"new york ap the decision to become pregnant and raise a child with her female partner was not political , mary cheney , a daughter of vice president dick cheney , told a barnard college audience ."
"kim said the prosecutor in question , baek yong ha , and other prosecutors in the chain of command at the seoul eastern district prosecutors office will be questioned ."
"that , as they say in the industry , is where the feet are ."
"he told her he had been fired that day from his job at mcdonald s , she said ."
"spring whale watch week , when center volunteers will be stationed along the coast to provide viewing tips and facts , starts march 22 ."
the race track is one venue they don t expect to sell out .
"president bush granted pardons tuesday to 19 citizens charged with a variety of crimes , but none was prominent ."
our paramount consideration is the well being of our staff and i feel we cannot continue our work without significant risk to them .
we have taken immediate action to rectify this and we sincerely apologize for any offense this may have caused .
"italian investigators are awaiting the results of crucial dna tests on evidence related to the murder of british student meredith kercher , as the latest suspect arrested in the case awaits his extradition to italy ."
the husband weighed 305 pounds
living in a cage in hong kong
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2892016 deep in shari klages memory is an image of herself as a girl in new jersey , going into her parents bedroom , pulling a thick leather bound album from the top shelf of a closet and sitting down on the bed to leaf through it ."
doctors do know what triggers growth in the first place
something feels strangely familiar about alex the lion in madagascar
"the state controlled media have emphasized wen s connection with ordinary people , showing him communing with wheat farmers , coal miners and rural flood victims ."
they haven t been designed for how people behave in the home .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the hostage issue will also be on the agenda .
"1 telecom company monday announced a new price plan that gives a 50 percent discount for calls made among family members and a 10 50 percent cut in the basic fee , depending on the length of consecutive years the family members subscribed to sk telecom ."
americans are well aware of organ donation .
"iran announced on april 9 that it had begun enriching in the natanz complex , ramping up from a limited research operation above ground ."
"glover , who wasn t in court , was convicted thursday along with unite here union representative alex dagg and ontario federation of labour president wayne samuelson ."
the export industries of thailand and malaysia are also heavily reliant on foreign firms .
"a law school student and former beauty pageant contestant who has posed for a racy calendar while brandishing a weapon has been accused of kidnapping , biting and threatening a former boyfriend with a handgun ."
"the euro bought 1 . 5865 early tuesday , up from 1 . 5808 the previous session ."
"she says the garden s centerpiece , a symbolic low stone sculpture that s broken , is fitting for those whose lives were shattered by priests ."
charismatic people have a remarkable ability to distill complex ideas into simple messages .
this simple exercise with the inhaler allows her to breathe easier .
"but for an estimated 200 million people , the annual trek is a critical opportunity to see family and the vast majority travel by train ."
the song could be heard online monday and it was not immediately possible to tell whether china s internet monitors were seeking to block access to it .
we need to read the ruling before we make any decision .
the agreement to open the railway service came on the second day of talks between south korean prime minister han duck soo and north korean premier kim yong il in seoul .
more than 30 of the so called quake lakes were created by the 7 . 9 magnitude quake that devastated the region on may 12 .
"and the challenges they went through were so much more difficult , so much more severe , and the risks they took were so much greater that i will say , last night standing in that auditorium , it struck me that it was testimony to them ."
"now , tilly s kibble and treats practically need their own passport to reach her mouth"
and the government is studying a proposal that would allow cubans to travel abroad without first seeking permission .
only half of the local legislative assembly s 60 lawmakers are also directly elected .
"at least 200 were injured monday in suffolk , where a twister destroyed several homes and businesses , said bob spieldenner of the virginia department of emergency management ."
"that was the case with the snake , which was going through newark to appear on live with regis and kelly with a zoo curator . it was eventually checked ."
s president bush has insisted a branch of iran s revolutionary guards is linked to some attacks on us troops in iraq .
"the group thought it had secured a major source of funding in march this year , but the money never arrived ."
"especially now , it s a very important time for hyundai , yun tae sik , an auto analyst at nh investment securities , said friday , citing hyundai s constant labor troubles , sluggish sales and pricing competition from japanese automakers ."
"abdallah budairi , now 85 , was nearby serving with the jordanian army ."
"for their part , the opposition lawmakers said they would take their oaths under the constitution as it was on november 2 , 2007 . party members slapped their hands on tables in thunderous applause ."
"international development group oxfam urged world bank president paul wolfowitz to step down in a letter on sunday , saying his leadership had become untenable and the bank s poverty fighting mission was already damaged by the crisis surrounding him ."
"possessions were knotted into the branches of fallen trees , corrugated metal roofs and wooden walls were scattered and smashed beyond repair ."
lindsay lohan rules .
"the lightest of the animals , a miura named majito , weighed 650 kilograms 1 , 433 pounds ."
which turns into a nightclub with friends to celebrate liverpool s 5 1 victory against newcastle .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"afghan girl begs for bread , prays for help"
moscow ap the typewritten letters on a yellowing page spell out the end of an era in striking shorthand .
"the united states rejected those changes then , and with a filing with congress on wednesday , pledged to congress that it won t sign off on any types of legal changes as part of an overall free trade deal ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"in poorer countries , the emphasis is on better health and general education ."
"senator arlen specter , the committee s senior republican , suggested that gonzales appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the sacking of the eight federal prosecutors ."
what bush apparently never anticipated was a brazen admission that the evidence was right .
scientists in south korea have engineered these dogs with fluorescent genes .
damage assessments of properties in the hunter valley were still being compiled and it was unclear how the areas famed wineries have faired in the flooding .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
ministry spokesman mod raj dotel said five of the 12 on board were nepal citizens .
"cafferty issued a clarification of his remarks monday , saying the comments referred to the chinese government , not its people ."
jackson s finances fell apart following his arrest in 2003 on charges that he molested a 13 year old boy at neverland .
"basically the situation is the same as for the past decade , said spokesman peter stephens . myanmar has been in arrears since 1998 and legally we cannot lend to a country in arrears ."
"the closely watched purchasing managers report indicated that the manufacturing sector declined for an 11th straight month in june , although the overall index reading of 44 . 7 percent was the best showing since november 2000 and far better than the 42 . 3 percent expected by analysts on average ."
"georgian health officials said 569 people sought medical treatment after the clashes , including 24 police officers , and 28 remained hospitalized thursday ."
forget the tuxedo .
"the scandal broke on monday when the newspaper hankook ilbo unveiled the script of recorded remarks by chang dong ik , president of the korea medical association , during his meeting with local chapter leaders on march 31 ."
"we are making every effort to assure that he is well treated , and to secure his prompt release , keller said ."
"territory , but i can tell you that now , it s more than 70 percent water , granier said tuesday , according to a transcript of his comments posted on the state government s web site . in 48 hours , our state has been devastated , totally devastated ."
"along with the oil and refugee issues , improved diplomatic relations and security matters are among the topics on the agenda as nuri al maliki meets with king abdullah ii and jordanian prime minister nader al thahabi ."
leonard is more like a hub he isn t sketched in
the mine has given the villagers some compensation .
"we are known as the island of saints , michaelides said ."
"no one wants to achieve this goal more than the iraqis themselves , he said ."
"sparks , 17 , of glendale , arizona , rose from the bottom ranks to gain much momentum in later weeks , and few would deny her broad appeal to viewers of all ages ."
"izzedine al qassam , which made its announcement late tuesday over mosque loudspeakers across the region , called on residents to hand over their weapons to the militant group by 7 p . m . noon et friday ."
"campbell had been teaching english at the divine word college in albay province s legazpi city , southeast of manila , since october 2006 ."
israel has openly blamed him for terror attacks across their country .
the high speed train ktx started its service .
six short films were unveiled in collaboration with the sundance institute .
the two other victims have not been identified .
"this is the last way that the family wanted dan s life to end but he was , as those who know him are aware , an intelligent , strong willed and some say determined young man , pa reported james parents as saying ."
kaymer was invited by europe s ryder cup captain nick faldo to join the team in valhalla
"the clinton campaign has been raising 3 million a day since clinton s victories tuesday , a campaign adviser tells cnn ."
apologizing because i said the government is a liar when they accused those guys to be supporting terrorism ?
"gonu was expected to make landfall on the iranian coast just east of the strait of hormuz late thursday , according to a tracking map posted on the joint typhoon warning center s web site ."
small pins inspired by picasso s dove of peace were visible on the lapels and dresses of some people in attendance .
federer will likely have to beat roddick and davydenko to reach the semifinals .
"was not immediately clear if the quake , which was centered at a depth of around 20 miles , caused any injuries and damage appeared to be largely limited to cracks in buildings ."
"when you put yourself out there in any situation , even if it s one which you re not taking seriously , it s going to sting ."
japanese prime minister shinzo abe has admitted the ruling coalition faces an uphill battle to win over the public before elections later this month .
"amid soaring crude oil prices , the refineries increased consumer prices , thus expanding sales margins ."
nor will the ideas of medals and tougher donor cards do much good .
for me personally he was a teacher he made me a free person .
"now , i think i can do a better job obviously that s why i m here , said clinton , who promised she will do everything i possibly can to make sure that one of us takes the oath of office next january ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
recent gatherings like the greener gadgets conference in new york highlight the concerns .
"since its inception in june 2005 , nearly 200 million people have downloaded the free program ."
"a train carrying reusable solid rocket booster segments for the space shuttle derailed in western alabama wednesday , leaving at least two people injured , a nasa spokeswoman said ."
"i really didn t expect this , added hoy , who received a standing ovation after he came to the stage to collect his award from sir steven redgrave and american athletics legend michael johnson ."
up to 60 capital gains taxes on multiple homeowners .
"but because the discs pack data densely and the music is compressed using methods similar to that of mp3 software , each can contain up to five albums of music ."
"citing unnamed diplomats in vienna , the ap news agency reported on sunday that the information on the north s possible test of an atomic weapon had been gathered in part from satellite imagery ."
british prime minister tony blair expressed sadness at yeltsin s death .
the u . s . military said it formed a sexual assault prevention task force after the incident .
"au un joint special representative rodolphe adada said he was profoundly shocked and appalled by the outrageous and deliberate attack , which happened on saturday evening at a base in haskanita town ."
"not only does it have some of the best views you re gonna get in boston , but it s something that we re going to be able to learn from . it has a theme of reclaiming something ."
"the financial instability in the united states and other global markets will continue for the time being , negatively affecting consumption and investment here . this was not the first time that lee cautioned about a slowing economy , but the tone was clearly different from the past ."
half performance with a trademark free kick on the stroke of the interval which left home goalkeeper craig gordon with no chance . ronaldo departed to warm applause from both sets of supporters just before the hour mark as korean park ji sung was handed his first taste of first team action since undergoing knee surgery in march .
he slept downstairs .
"i just have an opinion on things , and there is nothing wrong with stating your opinion if you are asked , he continues . everyone wants that right , and because you are famous doesn t mean you have less of a right ."
"berlin , germany cnn a collection of recordings taken from adolf hitler s headquarters at the end of world war ii includes works by jewish musicians and russian composers , according to a german magazine report ."
"but a quinnipiac university poll released wednesday shows him leading mccain by 12 points , 52 to 40 percent ."
he also suggested that the dispute could see an end .
the international atomic energy agency said tehran began a new round of uranium enrichment in recent days .
energy prices were the big reason they fell almost twice as much as in october .
the 25 year old was taken to hospital before being transferred to austria for a scan .
"the home , which can accept 20 dogs at one time , will also employ puppies to play with the aging dogs to help them keep fit and feel younger"
"this is an area which is near the city of mosul , which is again , also where insurgents remain active despite security gains in the rest of the country ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the law rules and who is on my side in respecting the law and the government s will be an ally and a partner and who rebels against the law and the government s will , will be a foe ."
"the president s other challenger this time is former finance minister simba makoni , who recently announced his bid to unseat mugabe and was promptly booted out of the ruling party ."
"authorities allowed the captors to leave the bank by ambulance on tuesday , with five hostages being used as human shields , after the men threatened to kill their captives , authorities told cnn ."
he is also a former vice governor of the southwestern province of yunnan and a former vice mayor of beijing .
"it was not immediately clear how the sailors were freed , or whether any ransom was paid for their release ."
"i just ask people to be nice and avoid the fines , she said , noting that cafe owners who ignore the ban must pay up , too ."
"a source close to the governor says incoming white house chief of staff rahm emanuel contacted the office about the appointment , but emanuel has refused comment ."
"the indian olympic association , which is organizing the flame s run in new delhi on april 17 , has invited several top indian athletes , including bhutia , p . t . usha , milkha singh and gurbachan singh randhawa , for the event ."
the confederation dropped gusmao from the brazil squad to participate in a world cup meet in russia next weekend .
"the famous black labels on the company bottles proudly pronounce , established and registered in 1866 ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"danielle prater was visiting her aunt when she looked up , saw the flames , and evacuated"
globo tv reported wednesday that police also are looking for four men suspected of involvement in the killing .
another 250 were treated at the site .
"other nearby buildings have been evacuated , officials said ."
stocks have been gyrating up and down .
"in louisiana you re losing 400 jobs a day , what s the governor doing about that ?"
"harvard , the world s richest university , said thursday a record 22 , 955 students applied for a spot in the class of 2011 ."
diaz lives 45 minutes from her family and has always spent a great deal of time with them .
"the spokesman , who declined to be named , said the ministry finalized its budget yesterday and will send 1 . 085 trillion won in development assistance to help in areas such as medical services and rural development ."
the joong ang ilbo reports a rush by consumers this week to purchase cases of instant noodles is the latest sign that inflation driven by the cost of oil and food is becoming a major problem .
"signs of improving relations have been gathering pace , helping to push aside long standing disputes over territory , wartime history and a regional rivalry ."
their other task was to read pages laid out like a book .
"the yongsan base relocation is a key part of u . s . plan to reorganize its 37 , 000 troops based in south korea . the u . s . military has already said it will pull back its major combat 2nd infantry division from the border with north korea ."
"though 80 percent of smuggling has been curbed , there is still a lot to be done ."
"revel in the time together with your son or daughter , even though they d probably rather be on the beach than touring a campus on a hot , sticky day ."
"diplomats in vienna said the inspection team could be in north korea within a week to begin the process of verifying the shut down of yongbyon , which is capable of producing enough plutonium for a nuclear weapon each year"
rehman told cnn in february that the party wanted to look beyond the hand that pulled the trigger to focus on who organized and paid for the killing .
but demand for mortgages has shown signs of a slowdown since last december in line with the downward correction of home prices due to rising home related taxes and tighter lending policies at banks .
president bush on thursday called on congress to approve billions of dollars in additional funding for the wars in iraq and afghanistan before lawmakers leave for their christmas break .
the original pull to the suburbs was to be in a more pleasant place
the singer announced tuesday that she was postponing her upcoming u . s . and canadian tour dates after she canceled august performances due to severe exhaustion .
trump denies golf course hit by the crunch
"the militants reinforced their positions with additional fighters and also started firing from an extensive trench line located throughout the village , it said ."
"investigators claimed they secured sufficient documents , accounting ledgers and computer files required to probe the so called money for parliamentary seat scandal through the search ."
"he designed his first treetent not for a campsite , but for a group of environmental activists in the uk who were hoping to frustrate a road building program through protected woodland ."
"sir , do you have some bread ?"
"my estimate of 1 100th of 1 percent of all sites found is on the high side , parcak said ."
"flooding also has displaced about 1 . 3 million people , including in the earthquake ravaged sichuan province , the reports said ."
"he said he first tried to deny it , but later made up his mind to declare his sexual identity ."
"the document does not contain specifics about the contentious issues dividing the israelis and palestinians , bush said ."
"i m confident that democrats will come together , because we recognize there s so much at stake , obama said ."
chinese officials closed off the temple after the monks protest .
the financial crisis and flumping economy caused consumers to cut back sharply on their spending .
the ministry has already made public the list of 25 chosen universities and the admission quota for each institution .
"sometimes there s so much negative in the world , to hear a story like this is reassuring ."
of course using gps data to link virtual worlds to the real world or vice versa is not new in mobile gaming witness virtual treasure hunts on city streets and the like .
"her father is focused only on his next high . finally , she will sleep ."
"i would say that as a candidate , sen . obama said that he wanted all the bush executive orders reviewed and decide which ones should be kept and which ones should be repealed and which ones should be amended , and that process is going on . it s been undertaken , podesta said sunday on fox news ."
"addressing his cabinet in forceful tones sharon said that palestinian president mahmoud abbas s immediate test was to act against islamic jihad , which claimed responsibility for the first deadly palestinian in attack in israel since november ."
"earlier thursday , lesley douglas , controller of bbc radio 2 , 6 music and popular music , stood down from her role and offered a personal apology to sachs and his family and to the audience for what has happened , the bbc said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"aside from the revolution , maidan is noted for the soaring 130 foot statue of a young woman in the national costume representing the newly independent ukraine ."
the president said he hopes president elect barack obama is pleased with the bush administration s effort regarding the transition process .
"foreign journalists were not allowed along the route , where cheering bystanders shouted go china ! under sunny skies ."
but the dalai lama said he feared communist china would try to influence this process .
that agreement the only ever made at the nuclear talks calls for north korea to trade away its nuclear programs in exchange for security guarantees and aid .
lindsay davenport defeated julie ditty 6 1 6 4 thursday to advance to a quarterfinal matchup against jelena jankovic at the bali open .
"yahoo had 15 , 200 employees at the end of the third quarter ."
"equally , the union wants all officials from its member states visiting cuba to raise these issues with the government ."
it is also close to the canary wharf business district and london s city airport which was not affected .
south korea is scaling back joint military drills with the u . s .
meaning darrell hammond had to hang out with the guy he impersonated .
gm and chrysler say they need a total of 11 billion in federal loans this month .
"meanwhile , in jamaica , residents cleaned up fallen trees and debris monday as the island nation started to recover from its brush with dean on sunday ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"nowak , 43 , is charged with attempted kidnapping for allegedly confronting her former boyfriend s new love interest in a parking lot at florida s orlando international airport on february"
the two trains one traveling from the north and one from the south each carried 150 invited passengers .
"beijing pledged to hold a smoke free olympics and last month proposed a smoking ban in government offices , sports venues , hospitals and museums ."
north and south korea will hold talks after 10 month interregnal .
"except , of course , for the next nineteen boats that make up the top 20 super yachts on the planet ."
the country s foreign ministry described the resolution as the product of a hostile american policy and said pyongyang would not be bound by it .
"microsoft is taking its video game foray into difficult territory not since the days of atari has a major u . s . company attempted to defeat the japanese game giants though microsoft stunned analysts with an unexpectedly strong xbox launch in the u . s . last november , it may be an uphill battle for the world s number one software company in japan ."
and we continue to go out to eat
palestinian medical officials said israeli forces have killed 37 palestinians both civilians and militants since moving into the territory saturday night .
"the korea herald reports the number of new students enrolling at universities will be cut drastically by 95 , 000 by the end of 2009 under a tentative government plan unveiled yesterday ."
israel in all out war with hamas
the celebrity couple bought a home in new orleans about a year after katrina struck and became involved in launching the project to help rebuild the city s hardest hit neighborhood .
"the leak affected between 2 , 000 and 2 , 500 residents , tarbell said ."
"arsenal captain william gallas will be sidelined for three weeks with a groin injury , the premier league club said on monday ."
events in washington are expected before and after the summit .
police dispersed the crowd by firing into the air .
"mount everest , the world s tallest mountain , is 29 , 035 feet tall ."
the air is thin .
"the reason we came out in the storm early , early , is that we knew there would be no lines , michael mcgrath , 48 , of boston , said as he stomped along partly shoveled downtown sidewalks ."
"in a written statement , fallon said the article s disrespect for the president and resulting embarrassment had become a distraction ."
"the group officially disbanded in 1982 , then they reunited in 1994 for a comeback tour featuring henley , glenn frey , joe walsh , timothy schmit and don felder ."
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack called monday s events another signal iran is in defiance of the international community .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the cdc has advised all state health departments to be on alert for signs of the virus .
"so , obama s on the wrong road ?"
they will discuss further action .
"the closure comes less than three years after it opened the 20 staff member center in bundang , south of seoul , in 2004 ."
"during a rally later for more than 600 american troops at the base , bush warned members of congress who might be anticipating quick reductions in u . s . forces ."
"however , hill was wary of placing too much weight on the north s decision to reopen government to government contacts with the south ."
"i really like this game , and i want to play a lot ."
the primary is expected to be the most decisive in the race to be the party s candidate in the november election .
"crude prices have jumped sharply , touching above 95 a barrel in early trading thursday ."
"but he has not yet clarified whether he will continue paying homage to the religious institution that honors 2 . 5 million japanese war dead , including 14 convicted class a war criminals ."
"the separatists have been using northern iraq as a staging ground for attacks into turkey , prompting ankara to mass troops along its border with iraq s largely autonomous kurdish region ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"there is electricity in the air , chavez said , obviously pleased with castro s call ."
"steve yohanan loved having a cat around while he worked at home , enjoying how she put her head against his hand or purred in his lap ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki is telling the united states and iran to keep their fight out of iraq ."
"among the artifacts on display at the museum are george washington s uniform , an early light bulb from thomas edison , mr . rogers red cardigan sweater and the desk at which thomas jefferson wrote the declaration of independence ."
representatives of british airways are scheduled to plead guilty thursday to two counts of conspiracy and face a likely fine of 300 million for colluding with rival virgin atlantic over fuel surcharges on international flights .
"six delegations held a series of bilateral meetings on monday to check whether their concerns are reflected in the second draft statement of principles , which china presented over night ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"in a separate attack on memorial day , two other u . s . soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb while conducting a combat security patrol in southern baghdad , the u . s . military said ."
"so i shot again , she said ."
the assistant principal at one of those schools is in critical condition and on a breathing tube .
"a large portion is renovated with a boardwalk , slips for yachts , a galleon which was actually built for roman polanski s 1986 movie pirates , restaurants , touristy shops and an interesting aquarium and the galata museo del mare sea museum ."
"the coalition is hoping to take the tag system nationwide , providing an edge in the multimillion dollar business ."
"cnn as rising gas prices leave drivers with ever heftier tabs at the pump , americans have started looking for ways to reduce the drain on their budget ."
"wendell was my go to guy , she told the newspaper ."
casie was upgraded to serious condition monday at university medical center in las vegas .
pack larger quantities of liquids and gels in checked baggage .
koizumi saw his popularity soar thanks mainly to a push to trim public works spending and privatize the postal service .
"in europe , the bank of england cut its rate by half a point to 4 . 5 percent , while the european central bank dropped its rate to 3 . 75 percent ."
there are also doubts whether consumers would buy new vehicles from a bankrupt automaker due to concerns over their resale value and warranty .
"some rolled suitcases and carried boxes to vehicles with diplomatic plates . women huddled in idling cars , while children lugged backpacks ."
political analysts says proposed legislation before the chambers and mugabe s national plans could increase uncertainties about zimbabwe s future .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"so what s the plan and , what s the problem ?"
"just in those 52 pages of the pilot , i got this glimpse of a whole life , says hunter , noting she was hooked after reading only 15 pages of the script ."
he said he wants to do everything i can to help deliver the change america needs .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"george peterson , urban policy analyst for the urban institute in washington , d . c . , describes the typical inner city landscape beset by crime , poverty and neglect ."
"fernando gomez , 35 , from east london , had been in intensive care for several days but died on sunday , hospital officials said ."
"but it s worth noting the city is still so cash poor , future recruit training is on hold ."
sen . kent conrad of north dakota said many of the names on the list shown to him already have been bandied about in the media but others are outside the box .
"baghdad celebrates first public christmas amid hope , memories"
"to force vice president dick cheney to release information about the enron task force the general accounting office , the investigative arm of congress , has said it wants to know several things about the closed door meetings , including the names of enron executives who attended , when and where the meetings were held and how much they cost ."
president hugo chavez of venezuela said wednesday that three hostages held by colombian rebels could be freed with hours .
"washington has accused syrian officials of being involved in killing , an accusation damascus denies ."
"one document contains details of royal tourist , an fbi investigation into peter lee , a trw inc . employee who pleaded guilty to spying for china in 1997 ."
prosecutors are dismissing the republican s efforts to explain away hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts from an oil services contractor .
"but basically , we don t allow english teaching visas to foreigners who come from nations where , although english is used as an official language , it is not the native tongue . according to visa regulations , only native english speaking nationals with a bachelor s degree or above are eligible for the english teaching visa ."
surveillance on his family slackened in the mid 1990s amid widespread food shortages .
the conservatives initially said they would review the mission then .
"u . s . immigration authorities denied the visa because george , 48 , faces trial in november in london on charges of false imprisonment relating to an april 2007 incident , according to a statement from boy george s management , posted on his site ."
"to secure the hostages release , south korea reaffirmed a pledge to withdraw its 200 troops from afghanistan by the end of this year and prevent south korean christian missionaries from working there . the taliban apparently backed down on earlier demands for a prisoner exchange ."
"cnn the dalai lama on sunday called for an international probe of china s treatment of tibet , which he said is causing cultural genocide of his people ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"offshore and produces around 200 , 000 barrels of crude oil a day ."
chancellor angela merkel vowed that she would not let the failure of any company disrupt the german economy .
"on monday he handed power temporarily to his brother raul , to recover from his treatment for internal bleeding ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
earlier in the day two women and two men were handed over near the village of janda .
"boy george , whose real name is george o dowd , was charged in london last november with false imprisonment following a complaint from a 28 year old man , police said . the incident happened in east london the previous april , police said ."
she arrived at the police station thursday in a chauffeur driven mercedes .
"fixation or immobilization , which binds the toxic"
"recent surveys found that more british pubs are closing than ever before 8212 victims of an indoor smoking ban , higher taxes and food prices , and changing times ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2781116
"the ministry said the government plans to cull a total of 236 , 000 birds , and despite no link whatsoever to the avian virus , other animals such as pigs , and household pets such as dogs and cats in the area will also be slaughtered by thursday ."
"a , said through her attorney that she was delighted and relieved at the decision ."
now a magnetic antenna on the european space agency s venus express probe proved that the lightning was real .
lee and kim co founded lk e bank in 2000 .
"as a candidate , barack obama promoted hybrid cars ."
officials said pride campus would be separate physically but be attached administratively to the school for social justice .
"the big news is the macintosh , said barry jaruzelski , a partner at consulting firm booz allen hamilton ."
"we realized after much consideration that we needed to reevaluate our approach to provide universal and affordable access to high speed internet as part of the city s broader digital inclusion efforts , chicago s chief information officer , hardik bhatt , said in a statement ."
good boss target setting
no ship is exactly the same and all of them have their own characteristics .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"forces korea sometime in the future , which has just started with the recent u . s . decision to relocate a brigade of 3 , 600 forces here to iraq , officials said on tuesday ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2766785
"the plane , a single engine cessna 208 caravan , fell off radar at 8 p . m . 11 p . m . et sunday , about a half hour after taking off from boise , idaho , bound for shelton , washington , according to the federal aviation administration ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a terror group with links to al qaeda in iraq claimed responsibility sunday for the weekend attack that sparked a manhunt for three missing u . s . soldiers , according to a statement on the internet ."
"if they hadn t caught me , i would have never stopped . having caught me , they saved many lives . watch video report on serial killer alexander pichushkin"
south korea s defense ministry said sunday that it would decide whether to send a response to the north over its demand for a retraction in a few days .
"however , some children in the united states also engage in commercial sex while living at home ."
"heavy fighting between the shia mehdi army , led by radical shia cleric moqtada sadr , has continued in basra for a third day , with violence in other parts of southern iraq ."
at least eight people dead and the house left in flames .
he told reporters in boston that he was guardedly optimistic ahead of the contests .
"as i only do the radio show to make people laugh i ve decided that , given the subsequent coverage , i will stop doing the show , he said ."
draft likely to be reduced
"i think it s important to note that yesterday morning university president charles steger and his staff , and chief flinchum in law enforcement , made the right decisions based on the best information they had available at the time , marshall told a news conference ."
who spokesman gregory hartl says what s really especially alarming is the strain itself
living in a cage in hong kong
"no one knows what causes a kid to shoot up one month and not another , but there does seem to be a seasonal pattern ."
"ethel martin is deceased , but schultz said the post office wanted to get the card to a relative . that s how the 93 year old relic ended up with bernice martin , ethel s sister in law ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"it was a big decision for juande and it worked , poyet told itv4 . it is that sort of situation where you have to go for the game because you have nothing to lose ."
but the experts say too much guilt
"meanwhile , the head of the un refugee agency said he was deeply concerned that the turkish action could lead to big displacements of people ."
"hanhwa corporation , a private south korean firm , produced about 8 , 900 self destructing antipersonnel mines , which can be set to self destruct 48 hours after deployment and are presumed to be copies of the u . s ."
police sources later revealed the incident took place at the lounge inn in southport and that the victim was the dj at the premises . gerrard was at the restaurant and bar
"king of pop in fine health , jackson spokesman says"
"we certainly are further along in this consultation than we were when i arrived this morning , hill said after meetings with north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan . there has been progress ."
bain was rebounding from dire financial problems when the partners elected her chairman .
"roh also called on the nation to approach the redeployment calmly , saying it has long been anticipated ."
south korea s former top negotiator for defense policy talks with the united states said yesterday the u . s . efforts to fight terrorism have significantly altered the nature of the two countries alliance .
"as she coupled chic designer splurges with off the rack goodies from j . crew , h m , white house black market and target , fashion spectators say her ability to make a strong statement on a budget sends an important message during tough economic times ."
"roulet said the ring had been suggested late in the day by repossi s wife , angela , and that fayed apparently made his decision purely on price and did not look at the ring ."
this material may not be published .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"in addition , the explosions killed two iraqi civilians and wounded 11 others in the downtown karrada neighborhood ."
"according to the unveiled plan , high school students will be asked to take an english ability test from 2013 and submit their scores for college admissions ."
president roh moo hyun also said thursday that he accepts the crushing defeat of the governing uri party in the local elections .
but the transition team has released off to school pictures of malia and sasha in jackets with backpacks as dad says goodbye at the hotel suite door .
the dogs get free food and veterinary care .
"and because a cup of white tea contains less caffeine 15 milligrams than other teas up to 50 mg and coffee 120 mg , it s more hydrating , another key for sustaining energy ."
"the ohio and florida results are reversals from quinnipiac polls published a month ago , when clinton was still in the race and mccain led obama in hypothetical match ups ."
she was defeated in polls two years later but made a triumphal return to parliament in 1999 .
he was responsible for the design of some of the most successful cars in formula 1 history and created the iconic mclaren f1 supercar .
the institution is one of several far reaching proposals under chavez s ambitious call to unite latin american countries in a confederation of republics .
u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said wednesday that secretary of state condoleezza rice had spoken to odinga and would speak with kibaki later wednesday .
"that is specifically why she was in the region why she was hoping that japan , china and south korea might together be able to push along these six party talks and get north korea to denuclearize ."
"at least 30 people have died in the operation , which is being overseen in basra by iraqi pm nouri maliki , a day after he vowed to re impose law ."
but the deal leaves the ultimate abandonment of those weapons projects to a potentially trouble filled future .
"doing a genre novel or several at once , as the yiddish policeman s union is part detective story , part alt history , part modern jewish folktale"
"it is the second killing after the leader of the mission , rev bae hyung kyu was shot to death on wednesday ."
"the world s largest toymaker recalled more than 18 million chinese made toys this month because of hazards from small magnets that can cause injury if swallowed , just two weeks after it recalled 1 . 5 million toys due to fears over lead paint ."
"the 1950 53 war between the two sides has never formally ended , but seoul has promoted hopes for a permanent truce ."
"afghanistan s hard line taliban regime carried out executions in public , many of them at the war shattered kabul stadium , but the practice stopped after they were ousted from power by the u . s . led coalition in late 2001 ."
"this 1929 packard that went for 82 , 000 ."
the young woman was then taken by helicopter to a columbus hospital where she died of complications .
"abdul khaleq al sabawi , al qaeda in iraq s leader in the nineveh province city of mosul , was arrested in tikrit , according to iraq s interior ministry ."
a wildfire in the san fernando valley doubled in size overnight .
"tony wagner , the president of a local nonprofit social services group that organized the trip , said eight of the kids , ages 5 to 14 , were hospitalized ."
"according to goldberg , swayze said , i m not making this movie unless you put whoopi goldberg in there ."
"despite expectations of lower fertility levels and increased death risks , global population is still expected to increase from 6 . 3 billion today to 8 . 9 billion in 2050 , it said ."
"on april 29 , north korea said nuclear talks would be a waste of time if the united states insists that the communist country first scrap its suspected atomic weapons programs before discussing possible economic and diplomatic benefits ."
peterson is a member of teen mania s honor academy .
the eu is the second largest destination for south korean products after china .
"prime minister samak sundaravej issued his warning on government television saturday , saying the protest must stop immediately and calling it a make or break point ."
"delta ceo richard anderson will head the merged carrier , which will retain the delta name ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the report , entitled sold to be soldiers"
the sources said the two countries are close to reaching an agreement to establish two separate commands replacing the current combined forces command after south korea regains wartime operational control of its troops from the u . s . military .
"the rising price of consumer goods is driving shoppers from all walks of life to use coupons for food , beauty aids and pharmacy products at an increasing rate , according to some of the country s largest purveyors of manufacturers coupons ."
"he claimed two women died at different times during the cult s seclusion , which began in november 2007 ."
"although the phenomenon occurs around the clock , the lights are only visible at night ."
denmark topped the peace index while sweden came second and switzerland third .
the floods were the third to hit the region in three weeks .
she said a baby kangaroo was trampled and killed when the animals were rounded up into a pen .
"in an article posted on its web site wednesday night , the new york times said the monday interview was tape recorded and on the record ."
"the u . n . educational , scientific and cultural organization has designated virunga national park as a world heritage site ."
"the state backed icec said the online communities , which distort the history and thus doing mental harm to youth can be shut down under relevant laws ."
cathedral offers garden to sex abuse victims
"in a recent poll , just 15 percent of pakistanis believed the election will be free and fair ."
"it actively stalked the dog for a number of days , douglas said ."
takai will marry 54 year old brad altman on september 14 in los angeles .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"it now will reach an exponentially larger audience and serve as a genuine tool for education and learning , hirschhaut said ."
"china s foreign ministry did not respond to faxed questions about the article , although a spokesman speaking on routine condition of anonymity said"
"since it began delivering aid to the north in 1996 , the united nations world food program has gradually gained access to areas previously off limits ."
"they re sleepy and don t do well . sleep deprivation can compromise immune systems , ruin moods and decrease focus , said the lead author , dr . fred danner ."
"the airline said wednesday that 186 people were on board the plane . so far , 158 bodies have been recovered but only eight have been identified , federal police said ."
the lethal reaction of burma s government to days of protests in rangoon and other cities has overshadowed the un general assembly in new york .
"one theory , the cdc says , is that young males might be more likely to engage in water sports such as water skiing or wakeboarding ."
"the company s stock is up 15 on news that it lost 1 . 4 billion in the first quarter , but burned through cash at a slower rate ."
"ono , 74 , the wife of the late beatle , made the comment on desert island discs , the british broadcasting corp . radio program that interviews famous people and plays their favorite songs ."
"british airways posted a 28 percent rise in quarterly operating profit on friday to beat analysts forecasts , but warned a weak dollar and soaring fuel prices would slow full year revenue growth and raise costs ."
"putting some of that bailout money on wheels , in a letter to treasury secretary paulson , house speaker pelosi , and senate majority leader reid , are asking the bush administration to provide more aid to the struggling auto industry ."
"this is the latest in a series of grisly killings in japan , a country renowned for its alleged low crime rate ."
"the ruling would not preclude criminal charges if investigators determined the baby sitter was negligent or reckless , cook said ."
they call for the system to be scrapped completely in favor of letting people choose their own holidays .
"the death toll in vietnam s worst hit central province of nghe an rose to 22 after eight more bodies were discovered over the past two days , said provincial disaster official pham hong thuong ."
"more than four fifths of the 2 , 025 delegates needed to clinch the democratic presidential nomination and more than 1 , 000 of the 1 , 191 necessary delegates on the republican side are at stake ."
rice spoke in advance of her upcoming trip to asia where she will be attending a meeting of g8 foreign ministers and meeting with her asian counterparts .
"one of the governing party s internal factions , composed of 23 first term lawmakers , yesterday called for an early national convention next january , one month ahead of schedule ."
"seoul court turned down a prosecution request to arrest a key korean executive of lone star , the texas based buyout fund ."
other hospitals were on alert .
"using spectrometers on the telescopes to spread the light into its component colors , the team detected three spectral features , called absorption lines , that together are definitive fingerprints of methane ."
the european union took the first step on monday toward sending forces to chad and the central african republican to help the united nations protect refugees trapped in the violent region bordering darfur .
the doctors have advised me that i should take a couple of days off and recuperate so that i am able to be 100 percent for the start of the australian open .
draft likely to be reduced
the u . s . military said coalition forces picked up 10 suspected terrorists during raids targeting car bombing networks across the capital sunday .
the cuban government did not immediately respond to the accusations .
"a 40 , 000 tonne coal ship has finally been refloated , nearly four weeks after it became stranded on the australian seaboard during severe storms ."
"pakistan s armed forces killed at least 35 militants in north waziristan on monday , two days after president bush said he was troubled by reports al qaeda was gaining strength in pakistani tribal areas ."
the doctor then removed the canister cap and sprayed the contents toward the crowd of nurses and doctors viewing the procedure .
"doctors say his heart and lungs are stable , and is ready to begin basic physiotherapy and speech training ."
"but the swiss has proved vulnerable over the last month , falling twice to david nalbandian , first in madrid , then again in the third round at paris ."
coach ottmar hitzfeld was delighted with his side s seventh win as they remain the only unbeaten side in the bundesliga .
"the international zone , also known as the green zone , is the seat of iraq s government as well as u . s . military and diplomatic agencies ."
he cannot have it both ways .
"the government will also create national scholarships and tuition assistance for colleges and vocational schools , he added ."
the decision is widely viewed as a rejection to the state auditors demand that the fss nullify its approval of the deal to strip the u . s . private equity fund of a majority stakeholder status in keb .
"between 125 , 000 and 150 , 000 voters were expected to cast ballots tuesday , according to pamela weaver of the mississippi secretary of state s office ."
"a 27 year man identified by scotland yard only as h was a detained at the brisbane , australia , airport monday evening while waiting to catch a flight out of the country , beattie said ."
"with that dedication , you ve been a credit to everyone ."
bush swiftly ducked the flying footwear and later told reporters aboard air force one that the bizarre incident was not a sign of popular opinion in iraq .
"pairs of muddy dogs share each cage , and most of them begin barking as soon as they see visitors ."
"he could not let kim alter the fragile balance of power on the korean peninsula , where 37 , 000 u . s . troops stand across the dmz from a million man army close enough to destroy seoul , south korea s capital , in a blitzkrieg ."
"boris yeltsin , who played a key role in the soviet union s demise and became russia s first president , has died aged 76 , the kremlin says ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the bus was destroyed and as many as 20 people were wounded in the explosion , acccording to the state run associated press of pakistan ."
"during the 1997 98 and 1998 99 flu seasons , nearly 1 , 200 participants each year were given the flu shot ."
private ntv and cnn turk news channels reported that the government has decided to seek parliamentary authorization to launch a possible cross border military operation in iraq to pursue the rebels there .
"he continued the successful directing style with snatch and revolver , but he bombed with swept away in 2002 , which featured his wife ."
"an eu official said michael semple , who had been the acting head of the eu mission in afghanistan , had also left the country ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"we need everybody capable of discovering an answer to put their minds to it today , branson said ."
an indian navy ship that was patrolling the gulf of eden this morning received a distress call from a merchant vessel flying an ethiopian flag saying they were under attack by pirates .
"but the brewer , like disney , now buys health insurance for people whom boycott leader fred phelps sr ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the u . s . military also destroyed a vehicle loaded with mortar launchers parked in northeastern baghdad s qahira neighborhood , 20 minutes after five mortar rounds landed on a joint iraqi american security station sunday morning , the official said . there was no word on casualties ."
"the obama transition team announced sunday that obama will unveil the full team at a press conference in chicago , illinois , around 10 40 a . m . et ."
british tycoon richard branson on friday announced a 25 million prize for the first scientist to come up with a way to extract greenhouse gases from the atmosphere .
clinton cast her vote in the new york s democratic presidential primary tuesday morning at an elementary school polling station with her husband and daughter .
"winehouse , 23 , has built her reputation on a soulful voice and a hard partying image ."
bush to ask for additional 50bn regard to katrina .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2673905
army failed to achieve its recruiting goal .
"excluding caucuses , some 22 million democratic votes have been cast in the primaries held to date ."
"as a female voice coos , welcome to space , six passengers in skintight spacesuits unbuckle their seatbelts and somersault in zero gravity , occasionally peeking back at earth through the private spaceship s large portholes ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
few people seem to believe that president lee myung bak can fulfill his economic growth pledge .
"giachini maintained the judges could not refuse this request because italian law affords such benefits to all convicts after 10 years in jail if they have been on good behavior , but news of the ruling created a storm because of the heinous nature of the crime ."
santas can freak out screaming toddlers
"marketing people and activists can pose as journalists to promote their own products and ideas , said choi joon suk , a senior editor at south korea s largest printed newspaper , chosun ilbo . the quality of the online media is a huge problem ."
makeba died early today after collapsing at a concert in italy .
"though voters are choosing a parliament , the ballot is also a referendum on musharraf , whose political survival hangs in the balance ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"north korea repeated the demand in this week s talks , according to the choson sinbo , a korean language newspaper based in japan which has links to the pyongyang government ."
congressman henry waxman says the aig story is a lot like the one heard yesterday about lehman brothers .
one officer lifted a small child above the crowd as the child s mother clutched the officer s coat .
the teenage son of wrestling icon hulk hogan was discharged monday from a florida hospital after he slammed his toyota supra into a palm tree in a wreck local police called spectacular .
tens of thousands of ultra nationalist protesters rallied yesterday in downtown seoul against north korea s nuclear program and the planned transition of wartime operational control between south korea and the united states .
iraqi leaders fear turkish ground forces could make a major push into northern iraq after turkey s parliament approved such an incursion in an overwhelming vote last week .
"berry had said she and aubry don t plan to marry , but feel fully committed to each other ."
"it s the only region where all kinds of tobacco leaves are produced the wrapper , binder and smooth smoking filler ."
"new york cnn brace yourself in her upcoming movie , mary kate olsen locks lips with ben kingsley ."
priebke has been in prison or house arrest since he was extradited to italy in 1994 from argentina .
"a second outbreak of bird flu has been detected in seosan , about 140 kilometers north of iksan where the appearance of fatal h5n1 virus led to a massive culling of poultry and other animals ."
they just hunker down and hope the issue will go away .
"large portion of the measures is thought to be going toward infrastructure projects , including road and bridge repairs , combined with new programs , such as research and development on energy efficiency ."
norm ornstein of the american enterprise institute and mike tanner of the cato institute on president obama s shot in the arm plan
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"preliminary reports indicate the helicopter was shot down by a rocket propelled grenade , officials said ."
the genetic data indicated that there were two distinct groups of woolly mammoths which separated about 2 million years ago .
"nato led forces killed a senior taliban leader with a precision airstrike near a southern afghan town overrun by militants , a spokesman for the alliance said sunday ."
the bush campaign has unveiled a new tv ad in which mccain shows his support for bush .
but officials say the taliban rebels issued a new ultimatum soon after that deadline expired .
the roh uri discord has intensified since roh proposed to hold a meeting with governing and opposition party leaders to deal with issues that included his nomination of chon hyo suk as chief of the constitutional court and long stalled bills in the national assembly .
"on tuesday , secretary of state condoleezza rice said the u . s . supports the forum , which will take place in the first half of march in iraq ."
"breaking from its usually stern rhetoric , north korea expressed condolences to the united states over the weekend for victims of a massive hurricane that has devastated the u . s ."
"airports around the world have had to make changes to accommodate the a380 , such as enlarging runways and gates and bringing in vehicles which can tow the plane and lift high enough to reach its upper decks ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
prosecutors may later seek to indict the suspects and put them on trial .
"in the studies of people in love , we didn t find activity in either , according to dr . fisher , an anthropologist and author of why we love the nature and chemistry of romantic love ."
"dozens have died in the central chongqing region which president hu jintao visited at the weekend , urging the local government to ensure victims had clothing , food , shelter , power and drinking water ."
christen said that recently the staff took steps to try to assist in mating .
"wedbush morgan analyst michael pachter said sony s price reduction would not double sales but may boost them by 50 percent to about 120 , 000 units a month ."
"about 800 , 000 homes and businesses are still without power ."
"leftist chavez is seeking approval in the referendum for a raft of constitutional changes to increase presidential powers , advance his self styled revolution and consolidate a socialist state for the opec nation ."
"the affected goods were mostly semiconductors , steel and telecommunications equipment , the report said ."
the national election commission is to rule today on president roh moo hyun s latest press interview on repeated complaints from the grand national party .
flying with the flu ?
a congressional aide says the federal deficit will hit an unheard of high of 1 . 2 trillion this budget year .
"i haven t heard an orator like that since king , she said ."
"simonyi , a hungarian born software engineer , looked ecstatic after rescuers helped him out of the capsule and into a chair lined with fur for warmth ."
"officers responding to a wanted person call found a crowd of people at the complex , none of whom spoke english , police said ."
"vegas forget about it , it was amazing ."
madoff s lawyers had indicated earlier they planned to claim ruth madoff was entitled to keep as much as 69 million in assets .
"mark smith , at the white house ."
she was found drowned in an empty bathtub in 2004 .
portuguese police have declined to comment because portugal s secrecy laws forbid detectives from speaking about ongoing investigations .
"the spike came after chavez on sunday accused the irving , texas based oil company of acting in concert with washington , and vowed that the outlaws of exxon mobil will never again rob us ."
"you can be assured that i cannot hurt the children . in case i need to shed blood , i will not be the first to fire . i am telling the policemen , have pity on these children ."
"more than two thirds of harvard s entering class receives financial aid , including scholarships and loans ."
the broadcaster had raised doubts over the authenticity of hwang s exploit of establishing stem cell lines genetically tailored to patients based on its own test results and urged him to cooperate in a second test .
the letter was also supported by the greens party and independents .
"some itunes customers question whether now is a good time to raise prices , with the current state of the economy ."
"to help banks gain access to capital , to strengthen the financial system , and to unfreeze credit markets , and restore confidence in our financial system ."
"he said it s political as well and requires national will , an implication that iraqis need to put aside their ethnic , tribal and religious allegiances to help the state survive ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
flying with the flu ?
"highways closed , flights canceled as winter roars in"
"palestinian militants fired more than two dozen rockets and mortars on southern israel , but there were no casualties , the israeli military said ."
"ignoring north korean protests over the weekend that earlier remarks had jeopardized nuclear weapons negotiations , alexander vershbow , the u . s . ambassador to korea , said yesterday that if those nuclear talks failed , pyongyang would be to blame ."
"beijing , china cnn german chancellor angela merkel is expected to push for tougher global action against climate change and ending human rights abuses in darfur in meetings with top chinese officials on monday ."
"the president elect already has said he ll have a five day online comment period before signing any nonemergency legislation , so americans can be part of the process ."
living in a cage in hong kong
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
park sprinted past three swimmers over the final 50 meters to win the gold medal .
"london makes sure her mother takes vitamins a , c , and e ."
"the new york philharmonic played in pyongyang on tuesday , and north korean state symphony orchestra is due to perform in london and the english city of middlesbrough in september ."
the post said the pentagon and u . s .
"the dane was attacked during the last climb by spaniard alberto contador , second in the overall standings , but managed to resist the discover channel rider to maintain his race lead of two minutes 23 seconds . i was about to be"
pearl was abducted by islamic militants while researching a story in pakistan in 2002 and later beheaded . watch a preview of a mighty heart
"the actor and wife luciana are expecting another baby , his rep jennifer allen tells people exclusively ."
"jackson grew in confidence in the second set , approaching the net more often and saving three break points at 4 2 down but in the end the 20 year old was no match for the champion ."
"i ve told people when my money runs out , then i ve got to go ."
"i retract it , of course , when i said , one is going to raze tehran , he said ."
"it carries a russian , an american , and charles simonyi , an american software billionaire , who s making his second trip to the station as a paying space tourist ."
"it reduced its troop level in iraq to 2 , 400 last year from the previous 3 , 260 , and is planning to further cut the number to 1 , 200 this year ,"
"she asked for forgiveness , adding that she understood that a simple apology might not be enough and sufficient to address the pain and the hurt i have caused you ."
"but beyond the not so cheap shots , the robot has a lot to offer ."
"a spokesman for minas gerais state did not immediately return a phone message seeking comment , and telephones to police rang busy ."
"in what is believed by some to be a politically motivated case , the 44 year old jang was accused of being the group s ring leader , regularly meeting north korean agents in china and thailand after his first visit to the north in 1989 ."
but it would then give congress the option of cutting off money if the security situation did not improve .
the liverpool skipper did not react when the lighter was hurled at him by marseille fans as he went to take a corner at the away end of the ground .
"koreans , suffering from a debt hangover , cut their credit card spending nearly 40 percent during the first half in a further indication that the much awaited normalization of the unprofitable card industry may come later than hoped ."
"the consortium s offer was unopposed after barclays plc withdrew its rival bid friday , saying it had failed to receive even one percent of shares ."
the demonstration commemorates the anniversary of a similar gujjar protest last year that claimed at least 25 lives .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"authorities in milwaukee county , wisconsin , took preventative measures sunday , arresting 11 sex offenders on probation and parole violations during a sweep of 100 homes , cnn affiliate wisn reported ."
"the monkeys were very sensitive to the presence of people , giving warning signs to one another and fleeing whenever biologists approached , the group said in a statement ."
top seed maria sharapova won her first claycourt title by defeating dominika cibulkova 7 6 6 3 in the final of the wta amelia island tournament on sunday .
"cnn north korea has invited inspectors from the u . n . nuclear watchdog back into the country to monitor the shut down of its main nuclear reactor , state media reports ."
sex on beach couple free on bail in dubai
"it is the first central government branch to adopt the measures , initiated by local governments in seoul and ulsan , to expel incompetent officials ."
"the last three captives , two women and a man , were handed over to icrc officials in ghazni province late on thursday ."
"the vote came a day ahead of olmert s meeting in egypt monday with abbas , president hosni mubarak of egypt and king abdullah ii of jordan ."
an elaborate multi course cuisine in which presentation is raised to an art form .
"visiting women dignitaries are not expected to wear the robe , and other female u . s . government officials who have visited saudi arabia in the past few years , such as u . s . secretary of state condoleeza rice , did not wear abayas when they met with saudi officials ."
shabelle journalist aweys osman yusuf said sharmarke s car was in the middle of a convoy and it appeared that his car was the target of the attack .
a decisive win in pennsylvania s april 22 primary vote is seen as crucial for clinton as she seeks to finish the primary season with enough momentum to convince the party s undecided superdelegates to give her the nomination .
"the postings include their names , photographs and hometowns ."
spain is a giant construction site in a dig at its building boom and luxembourg is a gold covered nugget sporting a for sale sign .
"how the children have grown , how relatives have aged ."
"it s unfortunate to lose any bit of science , said mission scientist ray arvidson of washington university in st . louis . but it s not really critical stuff that you kick yourself over ."
several studies have shown that women s medical problems are more likely to be interpreted as emotional issues or complaining .
"israeli armored forces raided the outskirts of two neighboring refugee camps in the gaza strip yesterday , igniting a gun and grenade battle that lasted for hours and left at least 14 palestinians dead ."
the film gives a curt treatment of this issue in a scene where deng meets with government officials behind closed doors about the necessity of stamping out the student movement .
"though some of ahmadi s statements turn out to be true , he also has made repeated false claims , calling into question the reliability of his information ."
"after a winter lull in violence , both militant attacks and military operations have escalated this spring ."
"the paper quoted political observers as saying yesterday that roh had put off the nomination of kim hyuk kyu , his favorite candidate for the job , after considering its possible negative impact on the ruling uri party s chances of winning the elections ."
it isn t possible to change this regime through democratic means .
the report estimates that a four month deployment of the additional troops both combat and support could cost 9 billion to 13 billion and a 12 month deployment could cost 20 billion to 27 billion .
"bogota , colombia cnn the same leftist rebel group that released two long held hostages three days ago has kidnapped six tourists at a remote beach on colombia s pacific coast , a spokeswoman for the colombian navy said monday ."
he declined hospital treatment in the last several days .
tour de france director christian prudhomme told reporters rasmussen s eviction by his team was the best piece of news we ve had in the last eight days as the race continued on thursday without a rider in the overall leader s yellow jersey .
"calls to police from inside the house reported that several people had been shot , he said ."
nfl player ryan motes says he accepts the apology from a dallas police officer who stopped him at a hospital parking lot .
"chavez called the attack a cowardly murder and blamed the united states , a close ally of colombia ."
"federal lawsuit the human rights group filed in u . s . district court in san francisco , yahoo spokesman jim cullinan said such a matter is better suited for diplomacy than it is in the legal forum ."
"retailers are hoping a lot of people are going online today to shop it s cyber monday , the web version of black friday ."
more than 200 were injured .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"that would bring the total number of forces being added in iraq to between 35 , 000 and 48 , 000 troops , the report said ."
"paris , france cnn first interpol unmasked his face . now it knows his name ."
prosecutors have been taking a hard line against corruption in south korea .
"the state senate , which as early as next week could hold a trial , if convicted blagojevich will be removed from office ."
party leaders are set to deliver their position to president roh moo hyun as early as possible after he returns from an african tour today .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"believe me , he did not care ."
the agency said it expected results on the more dangerous h5n1 strain to take at least two days .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"mansour al turki told ap in a phone call , they had reached an advance stage of readiness and what remained only was to set the zero hour for their attacks ."
"ohio residents removed piles of waterlogged carpet , couches and upended refrigerators from their homes sunday ."
it plans to call in the iranian ambassador to seoul to check whether the ban was an official decision of the tehran government .
"the fed , the us central bank , is trying to keep the us economy from slumping into recession and us and european stocks took heart from the move ."
the team boasts seven players who are former or current japan international representatives
"prince harry walked off an raf transport plane , along with several dozen other british soldiers , at 11 45 a . m . saturday ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"this tragedy was not a failure of the system to provide appropriate quality services for a youth that needed it , he said ."
the bachelor reality franchise hit the jackpot this season with andy baldwin a real life dr . mcdreamy .
"a rocky relationship with a spouse , a sick or colicky baby , anxiety about becoming a father and a history of depression can also contribute to the condition ."
"that may well be true , but what i found on a weeklong trip was a surprisingly green country with incredibly welcoming people ."
they urged the south korean government to take part in international mediation efforts together with the united nations to produce a peaceful resolution to the crisis .
"while she has run a non traditional campaign based on family issues , sarkozy , the son of immigrants , has appealed to right wing voters by espousing tough policies on immigration ."
"host cities of the two international events will be decided next year in july and december , respectively ."
we re excited since this is the first time we have issued a prediction that an object will enter earth s atmosphere .
"for 500 years , worshippers at a muslim shrine in western india have continued the tradition a rite considered to bring good health and good luck to the children ."
"in the elections wednesday , the main opposition united democratic party udp failed to secure 100 seats , which are necessary to block the any possible move by the gnp to change the constitution ."
"spain wants the entire treasure returned , but odyssey insists spain may have no right to it ."
"yet democrats , too , have qualms and have already started cutting ."
but mostly it s for moments like these
"people for the ethical treatment of animals peta , said the arrangement sounded like a way to assure good adoptive homes for greyhounds ."
"quality varies , too , with some compass phones prone to falling out of calibration not good for a game like navimon ."
"well , the cost of mailing your bills went up today ."
draft likely to be reduced
gene hackman took the part and won an oscar for it .
"to measure exposure , the researchers used a method developed by another research group evaluating 23 shows for sexual content ."
"president roh moo hyun will extend a pardon for and reinstate up to 40 business figures involved in various irregularities on buddha s birthday , which falls on may 15 ."
the owner of luscious garage is wondering whether the electric wall outlet will be the gas tank of the future .
a furious crowd surrounded the police station in rio bonito and reportedly tried to lynch her .
"he is survived by his wife , actress choi un hee , two sons and two daughters ."
"hudson and her family are offering a 100 , 000 reward her nephew s safe return , according to a statement from her publicist ."
"presidential chief of staff lee byung wan warned wednesday that the widening social and economic gaps , if left intact , could result in three koreas north korea and divided south korea on the peninsula ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"as we can see , this mexican version of playboy magazine shows the cover of a model as you were explaining"
"hey , that s the boy i just saw on tv ! a voice shouted out from the beach ."
"mirren won the oscar on sunday night in los angeles , california , for playing the monarch in the queen , which retells the aftermath of the death of diana , princess of wales , in a car crash 10 years ago ."
"most of the time he busy , so busy , all the day he s busy with his friends . he was working a lot ."
"but the terrain and clumps of brush concealed a derelict mine shaft , not uncommon in a state with a long history of gold and silver prospecting ."
"the kenyan red cross says it is trying to meet the needs of more than a half million affected kenyans , including more than 250 , 000 people who have been driven from their homes ."
copyright 2006 the associated press all rights reserved
"it seemed her wimbledon dream was going to end in pain and tears but two hours later , after rain had interrupted the match for the third time , she came out fighting like a wounded tiger to overwhelm a bemused hantuchova ."
"after being convicted of embezzlement , park yong sung , the former chairman of doosan group , was suspended from his seat on the international olympic committee ."
a dismaying number of managers don t know how to read a balance sheet or a profit and loss statement .
"cnn aid workers have launched emergency responses to help people in rugged and poverty stricken central and western afghanistan , enduring what the united nations is describing as the harshest winter in nearly 30 years ."
"she s amazed someone could steal the pool that quickly and just wanted to know what the heck they did with the water , she said ."
"speaking at a joint news conference monday , jobs said apple would now approach the other labels to seek similar agreements ."
"nine children were injured wednesday at grace divine primary and secondary school in port au prince but there were no fatalities , said brigitte gaillis , head of operations in haiti for the international federation of the red cross and red crescent ."
"reuters identified the cameraman as fadel shana , 23 , and said he was getting out of the vehicle when an explosion killed him and two bystanders ."
"some 30 , 000 protesters gathered outside the chamber of mines in the city center to call for greater safeguards for miners after 226 miners died underground this year to september , the national union of mineworkers said ."
"cyworld is not as explosive as it used to be five years ago , but the service continues to see a steady influx of new users , helped by teens such as insoo s sister ."
"on average 4 , 000 people die a year on mumbai s railways , crushed under trains , electrocuted by overhead power lines or killed as they lean from jam packed carriages to gasp for air . it is perhaps the world s deadliest commute ."
"he and collaborators spend their summers in kenya trying to figure out how endangered zebras form social networks , avoid predators , and interact with the livestock and herders in the area ."
the lack of communication is the latest sign of a chasm that has developed since microsoft chief executive steve ballmer lashed out at yahoo s board in an april 5 letter .
"fifty six percent say mccain s policies would be the same as bush , up from 50 percent a month ago ."
"sen . barack obama s report showed a surge of interest in his writings as he drew closer to a presidential bid , earning more than a half million dollars in 2006 in royalties for one book and an advance for another ."
some abdominal surgeries like bowel operations can require patients to spend a week or more recovering at home .
"if they bring leaders of the mujahedeen to court it will tarnish the name of jihad holy war , said bakhtar aminzai , who represents paktia province ."
details of why the government were concerned at cyril ramaphosa s proposed role were not immediately apparent .
"republican rudy giuliani and democrat john edwards abandoned their failing u . s . presidential bids on wednesday , narrowing the race in both parties to two main candidates ahead of next week s multi state round of voting ."
it was unclear whether the summons was meant as a sign of chinese displeasure with his appointment to serve pyongyang .
the national election commission nec will issue today a ruling whether or not president roh moo hyun violated the election law in his remarks against the main opposition grand national party gnp .
"one , that simpson asked that guns be brought to the las vegas casino hotel room to retrieve sports memorabilia , and two , that the guns were on display while the recovery was going on ."
"had such a review been conducted , faa would have found or prevented the ambiguity in southwest s maintenance , which southwest has discovered after its own review of its records this week , the committee statement said ."
"french libyan relations , which had been warm in the 1970s , hit a low during the uta dispute and french officials spoke of a new era after the compensation deal ."
"lee s victory hands back power to the ultra conservative grand national party gnp for the first time in a decade , and is believed to mark an end to steadily improving relations with north korea achieved under the kim dae jung and roh moo hyun administrations ."
"sure , you can take on optional side missions or replay past missions , but they don t really play out any differently ."
"fossett is the first person to solo around the world in a balloon , and has broken numerous other flight records ."
"currently , doctors without borders says it is almost the sole provider of these lifesaving drugs"
"president roh moo hyun yesterday arrived in athens , the first leg of a 10 day tour aimed at boosting korea s ties with europe , cheong wa dae said ."
cnn the saudi lawyer who represented a woman kidnapped and raped by seven men said his license to practice has been reinstated .
"this is a friendly deal , geronzi said . adding that he never had any doubts , the banker said"
"but in rawalpindi pakistani security forces fired tear gas and wielded batons to disperse opposition supporters for defying a ban on public gatherings , police sources told cnn ."
.
"in washington , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said president bush has been grateful for british support in the past and"
"those who have remained in the mosque , i request them to come out and surrender . if they don t surrender , they ll be killed . . . they must surrender , musharraf said ."
"col . steven flaherty of the virginia state police said thursday that he had hoped the package would contain new clues about cho s motive and crime , but after reviewing the content , investigators found it simply confirmed what we already knew ."
and the guidelines are also looser for ethnic minorities with small population .
"the right hander was examined by a trainer midway through the three set victory , and she withdrew from the event before her next match ."
tokyo s support of the u . s . led invasions of afghanistan and iraq and dispatch of forces to each region have raised concerns that japan could be targeted by terrorists .
it can often seem like hard work keeping track of the changes happening to our planet .
goldberg said she hadn t spoken to swayze about his health .
"in this batch of problematic laptops , the bulk of the 35 , 000 affected computers in the u . s . were sold by hp between december 2004 and june 2006 , according to the safety commission , including hp pavilion , hp compaq and compaq presario models ."
al maliki said he believes iran is targeting u . s . forces in iraq .
"a company accused of supplying corroded and decades old chinese ammunition to the afghan army and police has been suspended by the u . s . government for violating its contract , according to u . s . army documents obtained by cnn ."
israel is saying it will continue with the operation despite increasing diplomatic pressure for a cease fire and despite a un security council resolution on thursday that called for an immediate cease fire .
"professionally , baldwin has hit a new level of success with his emmy award winning turn as corporate honcho jack donaghy on 30 rock ."
the ratio was 56 . 2 percent in the survey of 2003 .
"there are some who speak of a team of rivals , but i ve never seen it that way ."
sawaya
witnesses said it was caused by an israeli airstrike .
"i ll open it up and be like , oh you remember that one !"
"for pet urine , the first thing you want to do is put a very heavy , heavy pile of paper towels on it , stand on it , draw all the urine you can away from the carpet ."
"sony s ps2 sales of 100 million units is an extraordinary number that our home game console business has not achieved , iwata said . but if we can make our bid to expand the gaming population a continued success , we could exceed that , he told reuters . nintendo s strategy to entice new players into the video game market has so far proved a smashing success"
"since then , giuliani parlayed his image as an in charge mayor during the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks into lucrative speaking fees and business enterprises ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"that s the bottom line , said the study s lead author , dr . alexander wagenaar , a professor at the university of florida s department of epidemiology and health policy research . the tax increase caused some reduction in consumption of alcohol ."
"according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he didn t anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on 60 minutes , scheduled for sunday broadcast ."
a survey conducted as part of the annual sunshine week campaign says that there s some important data missing .
"the vote followed an emotional debate between those who said the research was vital to open up medical progress , and those who said it destroys human life ."
"in cyberspace , china seems an upside down caricature of the real thing ."
"the boy also fed several live animals to terry by throwing them over the two fences surrounding the crocodile s enclosure , at one point climbing over the outer fence to get closer to the giant reptile ."
"some 45 of the world s people live in cities , a proportion which is rising rapidly ."
"the invitation is part of the eu s drive to improve its relations with cuba , strained for years over the issues of human rights and political freedoms ."
the fire is burning across the intracoastal waterway from myrtle beach itself .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
poland has one of the larger non u . s . contingents .
"the world s most celebrated cellist introduces himself not as yo yo , or mr . ma , or even yo mama ."
"i m still numb , he said at a news conference in atlanta . watch lottery official s advice on what winners should do first"
"the commission had decided to hold the election on august 20th , but karzai has asked that the balloting be held 30 to 60 days before may 22nd ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
bipedalism is a defining characteristic of the human lineage and marked an important divergence from other apes .
the red cross and the united nations high commissioner for refugees office are assisting with tents and non food items .
they said it was critical that iraqi leaders make the political compromises needed to ensure long term stability .
"lutein is better absorbed when combined with a splash of oil , particularly olive oil ."
"the movie , starring pierce brosnan as agent 007 , also depicts a u . s . intelligence official ordering the mobilization of the south korean army and an outdated scene of koreans using a cow to till fields ."
but its ambassador said libya s past ordeal under u . n . sanctions puts it in a very difficult position when we speak about imposing sanctions against another country .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"fuel is being diverted for other training flights , yonhap quoted a military source as saying ."
japan s main opposition leader ichiro ozawa has offered to resign from his position as head of the democratic party of japan .
"the child of bethlehem summons us once again to do everything in our power to put an end to the suffering of these children to do everything possible to make the light of bethlehem touch the heart of every man and woman , he said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"a senior us diplomat has held talks with burmese government ministers in beijing , in the first such high level meeting since 2003 ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"however , the construction company only paid him 94 million won , and so he wrote petitions to relevant government departments and even cheong wa dae only to be rejected ."
"a man has accused sean diddy combs of punching him out during a dispute at a trendy manhattan nightspot , but the rap mogul s lawyer called it a harmless disagreement ."
"despite growing international pressure , pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , gave no indication that he will lift his emergency declaration before upcoming parliamentary elections , telling reporters , i don t take any ultimatums from anyone ."
the goal is to increase options for human heart patients .
"when nowak complained she couldn t hear shipman and started to cry , shipman opened her car window about two inches and nowak sprayed pepper spray into the car , police said ."
"the spice girls boasted album sales of 55 million during their brief career , and hits including wannabe and say you ll be there topped charts across the globe ."
a leading government official was quoted anonymously as saying japan might reconsider its stand .
"the arrested men told police the bones were sold to medical students and used in traditional medicine , district police chief peeyush pandey said ."
the spokesman said that 10 of the victims were treated so brutally they can t be identified .
"the explosion happened close to a market and near the military s general headquarters in rawalpindi , said bustan khan , assistant sub inspector of the rawalpindi police . the attack occurred about 7 30 a . m . monday 2"
police say one of the victims is in critical condition there s no word on the shooter or shooters .
"the government wants to form an international research group to further that goal , park ky young , a presidential adviser for science and technology , said yesterday ."
cnn a judge sentenced six french aid workers to eight years hard labor wednesday after convicting them of trying to kidnap 103 children in the central african country of chad .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
staffers called others zoos and aquariums and scoured the internet to see if there were records of similar creatures .
the minimum age was raised to its current 16 in 1997 .
"that s good news , said marty crouch , founder and owner of webvalence , a portland , oregon , internet services company . i ve been personally worried ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"if we can imagine it , there s a good chance it can be programmed , wrote vint cerf , the original internet evangelist , on the official google blog ."
it can take dozens of professional developers and millions of dollars to create a video game for a traditional console such as a playstation or an xbox .
shin was also found to have had close ties with byeon yang kyoon who was president roh moo hyun s chief secretary on national policy before he stepped down last week
"despite postmenopausal women being at a similar risk to men for developing cardiovascular disease , to date they are under represented in clinical trials , said professor aedin cassidy , professor of diet and health at uea , who is heading the research ."
"we had assurance from the koreans that kabul will release taliban prisoners in batches and we will reciprocate , yousuf told reuters by telephone from an undisclosed location ."
"israel is continuing to subject lebanon to strikes by land , sea and air , following the capture of two israeli soldiers by hezbollah militants ."
we gave roma their two best chances and roma took it and killed the game .
"in a statement friday , reported by pa , james parents said that he had attempted to kill himself several times already ."
"investors returning to the fold , looking for bargains after 5 straight days of heavy selling ."
officials said the man went missing on kish island off the southern coast of iran .
"the ethiopians left the bodies of six elderly men outside the mosque around noon sunday and were separating men and boys from the neighborhoods and arresting them , the witness said ."
liverpool have hit out after atletico madrid were ordered by uefa to switch next wednesday s champions league tie to a venue at least 186 miles 300 kilometers from the spanish capital .
"fonda , who lives in atlanta , georgia , is active in many social causes , particularly through the georgia campaign for adolescent pregnancy prevention , an organization she founded in 1995 ."
"the issues are too complex , the problem is too significant to try to solve , or come up with reasonable recommendations in just one meeting ."
"in turkey , the government holds most power but the president can veto laws and appointments of officials , and name judges ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
afa and grondona were yet to make official statements following the meeting .
"fars initial reports said a homemade bomb was to blame , but provincial police commander ali moaeyri later said it was not sabotage ."
"and the store did not say why al fayed was questioned , other than he attended an interview with police to categorically refute an allegation widely reported in the media ."
"in blunt words , chinese vice premier wu yi cautioned the united states against making accusations ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"meanwhile , a top , , chinese communist foreign ministry official said a ship carrying weapons to zimbabwe might return to china ."
"over 60 percent of automatic teller machines across the country will accept the new notes , according to local banks ."
"according to the national statistical office s population report , korean women on average gave birth to 1 . 16 children in 2004 , down from 1 . 19 a year earlier ."
"china , japan and south korea have different systems since their languages have different pronunciation structures ."
"also killed was guillermo enrique torres or julian conrado , who was a key farc ideologue ."
"among the reasons , he said , are that al qaeda has targeted islamic army of iraq members and that their goals are divergent , with the islamic army in iraq being more willing , in some circumstances , to deal with the united states instead of al qaeda ."
he will play for a couple of months and then leave .
officers and paramilitary forces were also out in force around kibera and in other parts of the kenyan capital .
"there was a fire in her neighbors right across the street back yard , coming up , and smoke , like you could hardly even see through it ."
"once inside , the pair made their way to a private court room to work out details of a settlement expected to cost mccartney in excess of 100 million in total payouts , according to some legal experts ."
he used to say that he wants to be a help not only during his lifetime but also after his death .
"gm s vice president for north american sales , mark laneve , says the separation is the result of discussions earlier in the year and is not related to the company s campaign for 25 billion in loans from the federal government ."
"the publicly financed television network , bnn , said it intends to go ahead with the program on friday , drawing attention to the hundreds of people who die each year for lack of a kidney transplant ."
"all the new refugees we talked to said they did not want to go back to darfur at this point , they wanted to be transferred to a refugee camp in eastern chad ."
"the boys mother , courtney fontaine , offered clooney the lemonade for free ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"korea exchange bank said it yesterday will introduce deposit accounts denominated in chinese yuan this month , the first among domestic lenders ."
"you know , he had served for his 300 days before he became a presidential candidate and that wasn t in , in executive office ."
"a 2002 tax increase was followed by an 11 percent reduction , according to the study published in the american journal of public health . increasing alcohol taxes saves lives"
"a second part of the video , made available to cnn by the publisher of a new unauthorized biography of cruise , shows cruise accepting scientology s freedom medal of valor award and exchanging military like salutes with scientology chairman david miscavige to audience applause ."
"smith s estranged mother , vergie arthur , wants to take the body home to texas to be buried with family members ."
"clinton trails obama in delegates won , states won and the popular vote this primary season ."
draft likely to be reduced
"renuart added that , as it looks like it might re enter into the north american area , then the u . s . military , with the homeland security department and the federal emergency management agency , will either have to deal with the impact or assist canadian or mexican authorities ."
chung s attorneys argued before the three judge panel that he should receive a suspended sentence meaning no prison time citing health problems and the potential impact on south korea s economy if he were to again be sidelined from management .
flying with the flu ?
"the u . s . markets rebound followed a mixed day in europe and earlier sell offs across asia , while new figures showed that the german economy had slipped into recession ."
"organizers , who claimed 100 , 000 protesters were at the event , banned politicians from taking to the stage , but said politicians from all parties were welcome in the crowd ."
the palestinians accused israel of stepping up such attacks during the run up to bush s visit .
"the concert came at the end of a three day festival aimed at promoting the use of bicycles in sangju city , 270 kilometers southeast of seoul ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"clinton reported raising 20 million in all of march , according to campaign finance reports filed last weekend ."
"shutting down these 18 shows has cost about 1 . 2 million per performance in terms of lost box office revenue , or nearly 5 million for all four performances this weekend , according to bernstein ."
"the storm killed 5 people hundreds of homes and businesses damaged or destroyed in kansas , kentucky , illinois and missouri ."
"on tuesday , doctors removed a sizable part of ballesteros tumor ."
"giving him what they thought was a baby teething medicine , they were in fact dosing him with anti freeze ."
"venture capital funds , no longer showing big returns , invest less money ."
"luis moreno ocampo , investigating alleged crimes against humanity , says the killings include large scale massacres and hundreds of rapes ."
"the nonbinding house resolution says the deportation of nearly 2 million armenians from the ottoman empire between 1915 and 1923 , resulting in the deaths of 1 . 5 million of them , amounted to genocide ."
"a passenger plane carrying 50 people has crashed shortly after taking off from an airport in kentucky , killing all but one on board ."
"according to the california department of forestry and fire protection , the buckweed fire burned 38 , 526 acres ."
the showdown between rowling and vander ark is scheduled to last most of the week in u . s . district court .
"park at least gave a passive approval to the plan , the report said , but the panel could not prove he directly ordered the kidnapping ."
"from the first ysl tuxedo and his trim pantsuits to see through blouses , safari jackets and glamorous gowns , saint laurent created instant classics that remain stylish decades later ."
the potential replacements for souter abound already
"that being said , family comes first and i know she has a very close family . i respect and support her decision and wish them the best ."
"singer robert plant , 59 , last week hinted that the band were reforming when a fan asked him about the possibility of a performance ."
an obama transition official would not comment .
virgin atlantic said the total aircraft deal could be worth up to 8 billion .
online fraud losses for 2001 were 19 times as high as fraud losses resulting from off line sales .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
there s a move underway to get some of the money from the government s financial bailout to the nation s carmakers .
"the fourth indiana jones film , not yet titled , is again directed by spielberg and produced by lucas ."
"when all the reductions are added up , citigroup will have reduced its workforce by 20 , from a 375 , 000 the banking giant employed at the end of 2007 ."
"the uri party suffered a crushing defeat in saturday s by elections as opposition parties swept most of the chief posts in local governments , according to the national election commission sunday ."
"the last f 117s scheduled to fly will leave holloman on april 21 , stop in palmdale , california , for another retirement ceremony , then arrive on april 22 at their final destination"
"the un resolution demands that north korea suspend its ballistic missile program , and bars un member states from supplying north korea with material related to missiles or weapons of mass destruction ."
"the special ad hoc committee looked into allegations wolfowitz broke conflict of interest rules in dealing with his girlfriend , shaha riza , who left the world bank when wolfowitz took over the top spot in 2005 ."
"jurors heard lurid testimony , including braunstein s musings about sending vogue editor anna wintour to a hell guarded by rats ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"in fact , it is a reflection of 10 to 20 years of research efforts on key educational issues , she added ."
hwang and his team received millions of dollars in state funding and private funding and charges could include fraud and embezzlement .
"while western analysts said the system has probably been under development for several years , putin has described the test as part of moscow s response to the u . s . anti missile plan ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"having polluted the planet with more waste than it could handle , globo corporation buy n large evacuated its customers on a five year space cruise the final fun tier , promises the president , played by fred willard , leaving the robots to clean up the mess ."
"the bitter exchange continued the sharp confrontations from monday night s democratic debate in myrtle beach , south carolina ."
"the protesters then resumed their pursuit of the japanese vessel , and dumped foul smelling butyric acid onto the whaling ship s deck , injuring two japanese crew members , according to takahide naruko , the chief of the far seas fisheries division of the fisheries agency ."
"the rainfall during this year s rainy season may exceed last year s total by 50 100 centimeters , according to studies in this area of the amazon basin ."
"in addition to mars odyssey , the national aeronautics and space administration is also collecting data with the mars global surveyor spacecraft , which has recently taken pictures of dust storms on the martian surface ."
the u . n . nuclear watchdog said a day earlier that pyongyang had granted the iaea access to its nuclear facility in yongbyon again .
exit polling by serbia s center for free elections in democracy cesid indicated nikolic an ally of the late yugoslav strongman slobodan milosevic leading the field of nine with about 39 percent of the vote .
minivan for him and a romantic paris wedding for both .
i believe i have a responsibility to the voters of our state to make sure that they can exercise that right in a timely fashion .
they were thought to be planning a second wedding ceremony saturday at a paris church that used to serve french royals .
"envoys from the eu s 27 nations reached a basic political understanding on the new deal , which was struck wednesday by eu and u . s . negotiators , the diplomats said ."
human embryos have to be destroyed to produce stem cells .
"the us says coalition forces in iraq have carried out more than 450 raids since the death last week of al qaeda s leader in iraq , abu musab al zarqawi ."
"president raul castro recently announced that electrical devices , including dvd players , electric rice cookers and mopeds that run on rechargeable batteries would be made available to the public ."
"the missile test was part of a continuous process of validation and technical improvement which pakistan follows to consolidate and verify its various land based strategic missile systems , the military said ."
israeli military says they have surrounded gaza city
"the saudi government recently has taken some steps toward bettering the situation of women in the kingdom , including the establishment earlier this year of special courts to handle domestic abuse cases , adoption of a new labor law that addresses working women s rights , and creation of a human rights commission ."
"demand for mercedes car group vehicles was strong in asia , where sales rose 22 percent , while in the united states sales edged up 2 percent ."
"the fundamentalist sunni fighters , armed with guns and rocket propelled grenades , struck about 6 a . m . sunday 10 p . m . saturday et ."
household debt includes credit card use and all outstanding loans .
"stauffenberg and his co conspirators were shot after failing to kill hitler with a briefcase bomb on july 20 , 1944 ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"in the first 14 days of july , 301 bodies were found in baghdad , or an average of nearly 22 a day , compared to 19 a day in june , when 563 bodies were found , according to ap figures , gathered from daily reports by iraqi police ."
the final version denounces the lack of co operation of many eu member states and condemns the actions of secret services and governments who accepted and concealed renditions .
"the pope later emerged for midnight mass , looking tired but resplendent in gold trimmed white vestments ."
"put on a nice outfit and some makeup , and you re the bomb ."
"worst affected was the indonesian province of aceh , closest to the quake epicenter , where more than two thirds of the deaths occurred ."
mario bridges is the father of free agent defensive lineman corey smith .
"most are still inhabited and more than 1 , 400 huddle in alberobello ."
"roh also invited angry reactions from the military , by saying that younger men should be relieved of their mandatory military service so that they could marry and raise families earlier , instead of exhausting their time in the military ."
"before there was this loud music , there was another sure fire way to weed out the real singers from the fakes"
"the march was supported by hundreds of members of the public , including retired housewife joey jones , 82 ."
democrats hailed the new legislation as one of the biggest advances in us congressional ethics in decades .
"find out if your manager is only concerned with numbers and results or if with how you achieve them also matters , onderick harvey advises ."
"the recording ends with screams and a woman s voice , followed by an explosion ."
a new study suggests that searching online could be beneficial for the brain .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"on iraq radio , a spokesman said that the first attack of the war had targeted saddam s family home , as well as the homes of his two sons ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn british troop numbers in iraq will be cut by 1 , 000 by the end of 2007 , uk prime minister gordon brown said tuesday , shortly after arriving in baghdad for talks with iraqi officials ."
"the great danger there is the paparazzi . a single slip , photographs changing hands for hundreds of thousands of pounds ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
they would separate the people from their oppressors and cast the protective shield around the democratic process for which zimbabwe yearns .
the 330 euro bid offers a 5 percent premium to puma s last closing share price of 314 . 25 euros .
"a court in the bahamas is dealing with custody issues involving the child , who could potentially inherit millions of dollars from her mother s estate ."
at least 220 people were killed setting off a blaze that swept through four blocks of apartments and stores .
"the reality is that if additional federal money would have cured the problems of america s cities , we would ve cured them long , long ago ."
in what appeared to be a move of political desperation the main opposition grand national party elected rep .
"his counterpart in venezuela , president hugo chavez , says that colombia should accept that it made a mistake , he said , according to the bolivariana news agency ."
"the united states refused to sign the last major international treaty on reducing greenhouse gases , undermining its effectiveness ."
"confidence in the stock market evaporated almost from the opening bell , with the dow jones industrial average sinking below 10 , 000 about 35 minutes into trading ."
"every delegate with very few exceptions is free to make up his or her mind however they choose , clinton told time s mark halperin in an interview published wednesday ."
"this report also says it s pretty easy to find school test scores , since they re posted in 48 states , but that very few states have online death certificates , or records of gas pump overcharges ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
others fear scientists will embrace cloning technology at the expense of tried and true conservation practices like habitat preservation and conservation .
"at the time , co2 lasers were like the perfect weapon for soldiers , but one that also happened to weigh five tons ."
"one suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest and was killed in the sweep , the spokesman said ."
she also said said nine hostages were released early in the incident and taken to safety . she said a 48 year old woman from new south wales was not immediately released and that chinese police had to intervene to rescue her .
"twice mvp steve nash of the phoenix suns , nowitzki s good friend and former team mate , finished second in the voting with 1 , 013 points 44 first place votes ."
"the business capital sao paulo , where heavy rains monday forced authorities to close the country s busiest airport for hours , causing a ripple effect of disruptions at other airports ."
"transgender activists saw the masculine pronoun as disrespectful saying it was clear that araujo , who adopted the name gwen after singer gwen stefani of the alternative rock group no doubt , would have wanted to be referred to as a girl ."
"it was not known if the victims were wearing seat belts and the agency was awaiting the results of toxicology tests from the medical examiner s office to find out if alcohol or drugs played a role , burroughs said ."
"lee jae oh of the gnp and kim han gill of the ruling party , both of whom have recently been elected as the two largest parties floor leaders , met at mt . pukhan to discuss measures for normalizing the situation at the parliament , ruling party officials said ."
chief prosecutor munqith al faroon had requested that taher tawfiq al ani be acquitted because of lack of evidence .
"the plane took off from douala , cameroon s commercial capital , and its wreckage was found just 12 miles from the town s outskirts ."
"in his opening commemoration speech , he said , let s try to send a korean to space as soon as possible . . ."
but its conservative opponents said it gave an amnesty to illegal immigrants .
"in the long run , kwangju will have to migrate most of its public desktop and notebook computers away from the windows program of microsoft , the world s foremost producer of software ."
"u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , according to wire service reports from moscow , said we have really urged the chinese over several years to find a way to talk with the dalai lama , who is a figure of authority , who is not a separatist , and to find a way to engage him and bring his moral weight to a more sustainable and better solution of the tibet issue ."
"kim min kyung , a south korean student at virginia tech reached by telephone from seoul , said there were some 500 koreans at the school , including korean americans . she said she had never met the shooter cho . fearing retaliation , she said south korean students were gathering in groups as it could be dangerous ."
"attorneys for oscar winning film director roman polanski are asking a california court to dismiss a 30 year old sex offense case against him , claiming prosecutorial and judicial misconduct ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the result was greeted by cheers and applause from the south korean delegation and dejection from the representatives from new delhi .
"no recall was announced at that time , but wal mart said in a statement tuesday that customers who bought one of the products should return it to the nearest store for a refund ."
"and a bomb threat forced pageant officials to postpone the last day of competition on thursday , said magali febles , director of the miss puerto rico universe pageant . pageant organizers said the hoped to catch and expose whoever was responsible for the pranks ."
"nearly 81 2 inches of rain fell in just three hours early monday , submerging the downtown in about 4 feet of water , the local weather service and witnesses said ."
"in a strongly worded statement , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon condemned what he called an abjectly cowardly strike against civilian officials serving humanity s highest ideals under the u . n . banner ."
korean internet and telecom industries started a counter action toward japan s recent claim to tokdo .
"with the four month old nuclear crisis on the peninsula showing no signs of abating , north koreans are bracing themselves to face an adversary they believe is worse than hitler s troops ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"this is going to be our last ditch effort to resolve the credit default problem , said lim young rok , director general at the ministry of finance and economy s financial policy bureau ."
"in a meeting in beijing in late april , north korea gave u . s . negotiators a long wish list of political and economic benefits it wants to get in return for giving up its nuclear ambitions , according to u . s . officials ."
"in his speech during a groundbreaking ceremony for the renovated jeju city in seogwipo , roh expressed his uneasiness about the possibility of disparity between seoul and provincial cities widening if former seoul mayor lee becomes the next president ."
"the 8 year old , who survived the attack , is in fair condition at a los angeles hospital ."
"madrid , spain cnn members of the basque separatist group eta have shot dead a spanish civil guard and seriously wounded another in southern france , spanish officials said ."
"when police arrived , they found people collecting body parts of the insurgents . in other violence wednesday , seven people were killed and 15 were wounded when a car bomb exploded in a shiite neighborhood in baghdad , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
"donny george , the director of antiquities at iraq s national museum , told cnn on tuesday that u . s . laxity allowed looters to come back again and again ."
"i want to feel like i can go anywhere , whatever i m wearing ."
"a category 5 hurricane packs sustained winds of 155 mph or more and can inflict catastrophic damage , according to the saffir simpson scale , the standard measurement for hurricanes ."
prosecutors reached this decision after the seoul central district court rejected an arrest warrant the prosecution sought for shin on four criminal charges that include forging private documents and obstruction of justice .
this move came as part of the lee myung bak administration s so called business friendly policies to draw more foreign investment to revitalize the economy .
"xinhua added that police were monitoring the demonstrations in the three cities , which remained peaceful ."
"i will be pleased to have him , said ac milan manager carlo ancelotti ."
"he entered no plea , the spokeswoman said ."
second home buyers and investors have been pouring money into the country since it declared independence from serbia last year .
"he said the companies collaborated with the foundation to lower production costs , in part by securing lower prices for raw materials ."
"cnn darren tuck , the man who gave police a tape depicting the rape of a 3 year old girl , turned himself in sunday to nye county , nevada , authorities ."
seasonal rains and high tides in recent days have caused widespread flooding across indonesia the world s fourth most populous nation where millions of people live in mountainous regions and near fertile flood plains close to rivers .
"another man , who is 82 , said he was voting to encourage kenyan youth to do the same ."
figures published thursday showed industrial production in the u . s . suffered its sharpest fall in 34 years last month and germany cut its growth forecast for 2009 by a percent to only 0 . 2 percent .
"there has been some movement by the syrians , said maj . gen . william caldwell . there has been a reduction in the flow of foreign fighters into iraq for more than a month ."
"al masri , who lost both hands and one eye working in afghanistan , is the highest profile radical islamic figure in britain ."
"later thursday , the british press association reported the blade may have come off after a mechanical failure ."
"a friend recommended her driver , shahabudin sultani , a soft spoken bamiyan native dressed impeccably in a traditional cream afghan tunic and trousers ."
obama said his memories of the people of illinois will stay with me when i go to the white house in january .
korea to double african aid by . . .
flying with the flu ?
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"secretary of state condoleezza rice is also scheduled to make an asian tour as early as next week to discuss the situation on the korean peninsula after the north s proclaimed nuclear test on oct . 9 with officials of south korea , japan and china ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"after touring the area , bachelet said the government would reinforce the area s health services with more doctors and ambulances , as well as a helicopter and a power generator in case of a new emergency ."
"most of the 17 democratic senators who are uncommitted superdelegates will endorse sen . barack obama for president this week , sources told cnn monday ."
clinton s visit will attempt to show president barack obama s commitment to finding a two state solution that establishes a sovereign palestinian state at peace with israel .
"if fertility in all countries remained at current levels , it said , the total population of the globe could more than double by 2050 , reaching 12 . 8 billion ."
"security forces on the mountain have permission to shoot mountaineers engaged in anti chinese activities , according to a home ministry official ."
"the ppp is a responsible party , he said . our government and the people have been concerned with the country before ourselves ."
the sentence was suspended for five years meaning park will not be jailed if he stays out of trouble for that long .
"cnn police have recovered two of the four impressionist paintings stolen earlier this month in a daring museum heist , police in zurich , switzerland said tuesday ."
a source said tuesday that discussions have been under way between korea and the united states for bush s visit to seoul .
rattray was a compelling storyteller and popular on the lecture circuit in britain .
"he s received best director oscars for platoon , which also won an oscar for best picture 1986 , and born on the fourth of july 1989 ."
"one hit a bus stop and the other hit a house , noble said ."
"authorities , meanwhile , continued their hunt for dissidents and their supporters ."
"it has become scorsese s biggest commercial hit , and critics praised it as a welcome return to the vivid , bloody crime genre whose modern conventions the director helped pioneer in such films as taxi driver and goodfellas ."
"excluding commissions paid to advertising partners , yahoo posted sales of 1 . 33 billion , slightly lower than the 1 . 37 billion in sales that analysts polled by thomson reuters expected on this basis ."
"democrats on thursday condemned president bush s insinuation that they would be appeasing terrorist states by holding talks , with one going so far as to call his remarks bulls t ."
"why not stop at a campus or two , even if your daughter is only a sophomore ."
"journalist virendra arya , who was inside the shrine at the time of the blast , told cnn ibn that one person died at the scene and another succumbed to fatal injuries en route to hospital ."
"this makes strong business sense , said profumo ."
word to calm the markets from president bush and italy s premier at the white house .
an american soldier also died when the car bomb exploded in a crowded market .
"coquillette showed off the garage s psychedelically painted prius , which has undergone the conversion ."
greenpeace said it had planned the protest for many months .
living in a cage in hong kong
fewer choices at higher prices for farming necessities .
"president bush s troop buildup , or surge , meant to quell the sectarian violence is now in place ."
"his wife , kalsoom nawaz , has vowed to return to pakistan in coming days to fight on her husband s behalf , she told cnn ."
he said the gap between the rich and poor in the country is one of the worst among member countries of the organization for economic cooperation and development .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
i m seeing a lot of new country and taking lots of scenic photographs .
"alternatively , let it sniff an rfid tagged object and see what it does ."
"the storm had been expected to hit haiti directly but veered toward the dominican republic , apparently catching residents off guard ."
the korea times reports the third round of six party talks on the north korean nuclear standoff will likely take place from june 23 25 in beijing .
"we are very excited by what we ve seen in the lab . we ve had some promising results , derek mcleish , president and ceo of the santa barbara based company , told cnn ."
"wednesday , the zoo said keepers decided to take the cub away from its mother , vera , because the mother was showing signs of being upset and confused , taking her baby in and out of the animals enclosure ."
legendary singer joan baez says she s finally happy
"in chapter 7 bankruptcy , the company goes out of business fairly rapidly as its assets are sold off to try to satisfy its creditors ."
they can suffer simple forms of many emotions we once thought only primates could experience .
"after months of successive heat waves , heavy rainstorms flooded parts of northern greece on sunday ."
"israeli foreign minister tzipi livni has met the palestinian prime minister , salam fayyad , for the first time since he took office last month ."
landed it in one piece after losing both engines to bird strikes .
he said monthly revenue from oil sales is about 5 billion .
"italian journalist daniele mastrogiacomo , who was kidnapped last month , was freed after two weeks when kabul released five senior taliban prisoners ."
"for the indian men , many meal skipping poor , baseball represented a chance to throw their way out of poverty ."
the president said al qaeda s top commander in iraq issued an audio statement saying that he will not rest until he has attacked our nation s capital .
shortage is always going to be a concern with organ transplantation .
bayer leverkusen have turned to former german international striker bruno labbadia in a bid to revive their fortunes in the bundesliga next season .
draft likely to be reduced
draft likely to be reduced
charismatic people speak emotionally about putting themselves on the line .
"the trial , at the university of east anglia in norwich , eastern england , will test whether a natural compound found in cocoa , the main ingredient of chocolate , could cut the risk of heart disease among women with diabetes ."
"richard boucher , spokesman of the u . s . state department , said in a daily press briefing on april 13 that the dispute had not affected the approach to the nuclear issue ."
the chinese ministry of health reported that increased pollution has made cancer the leading cause of death in the country .
"pratchett s discworld novels , of which 36 have been published to date , are set in a fantasy universe through which the author satirizes modern day life ."
stuart mitchell said he and his father were intrigued by 13 intricately carved angel musicians on the arches of the chapel and by 213 carved cubes depicting geometric type patterns .
"it s life , and chances are , we ll find it in a box years later and be thankful that we have it"
106 year old honored by obama ain t got time to die
"denmark s jobless rate is at 3 . 1 percent , the lowest in three decades , and the economy grew 3 . 5 percent last year ."
"i call on all those who . . . believe it is possible to reform france without brutalizing it , who want a triumph of human values over the stock market , who want an end to the painful rise of insecurity and precariousness , to come together , she told a rally in central western france ."
"the san francisco giants star overcame a 119 , 000 vote deficit in the final days of balloting and finished 123 , 000 ahead of the chicago cubs alfonso soriano on sunday to claim the third and final starting outfield spot for the national league ."
"san francisco ap astounding even veterans of the fight against animal extinction , cloning technology has reproduced two endangered wild cattle , birthed by a cow last week on an iowa farm ."
"i m not going to talk about it long because it s hard to talk about , he added ."
"the sniper sprayed a county courthouse with bullets , killing a police officer and wounding two people ."
pavarotti left half of his estate to mantovani and half to his four daughters .
"but for more than 50 years , he s appeared on the screen and behind the camera ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"it is , he says , a piece of art ."
"he s doing fine , rosenfield said . he has a broken rib , it s very painful and it ll take a long time to heal ."
"all european union member nations must approve the treaty for it to take effect , and ireland is the only country to put the treaty to a popular vote 8212"
"immediately upon arrival from sydney where he attended the annual apec forum monday morning , roh accepted the resignation of 58 year old byeon yang kyoon , the senior presidential secretary for policy planning ."
the spanish rivals showed little respect for each other s serves the pair combined for five breaks in the first set alone and ferrer didn t hold serve until his fourth attempt on his way to losing the opener when he netted a forehand .
"in the afghan government s account of the incident , interior ministry spokesman zmarai bashiri said the attack was staged on an american convoy at 8 45 a . m ."
"the airbus unit posted an operating loss of 69 million euros , down from a profit of 684 million euros in the first quarter last year ."
"ahtisaari is an outstanding international mediator , a committee spokesman said in announcing his win ."
"its location and facilities , however , belie its prominence in a community that thrives almost entirely underground ."
but markets have since risen to levels greenspan said were unsustainable .
"cnn breweries and beer lovers around the country are celebrating the 75th anniversary of the return of beer on april 7 , 1933 , as the prohibition era was drawing to a close ."
new york yankees outfielder hideki matsui remained out of the lineup and the batting cage with a sore left knee thursday and will be re examined friday by team doctors .
"while in europe , paris is leading the skyscraper revolution"
"she stayed aggressive , said zvonareva , who last qualified for the championships in 2004 . in the second and third , she was dictating ."
"true , the silicon valley company has millions of people telling it daily what s apparently on their minds via simple web searches , generating mountains of information about consumer behavior ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
bryan holman was hosting the candidate and told clinton the story .
"but it s not something you can pack up and put in your rucksack . it s not a portable framework , he said ."
an employee of germany s railroad company found the body on the tracks at about 7 p . m . monday and notified authorities .
"in asia , throngs of middle class consumers are already snatching up a crude progenitor of the dvd player ."
president george w . bush on down went out of their way to highlight the incentives they are dangling from economic cooperation to a formal end to the korean war if pyongyang gives up its nuclear weapons programs .
murrow challenged television to do better in his wires and lights in a box speech
"diana is remembered for her glamour , for her extensive charity work and for her tempestuous marriage to prince charles , heir to the british throne . the pair married in 1981 in a ceremony watched by millions around the world , but divorced in 1996 after admissions of adultery on both sides ."
parks and other facilities are being built and opening up to the public .
"the flame will be lit in ancient olympia , greece , on march 25 next year , travel to athens and then on to beijing on march 31 ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"people who follow obama online have become a community that the president elect can tap into , said andrew raseij , founder of techpresident . com , a web site that tracked the online operations of the 2008 presidential campaigns ."
jedi is the faith followed by some of the central characters in the star wars films .
hyundai automotive group chairman chung mong koo was sentenced to three years in prison monday for embezzling about 90 billion won 96 million in company funds and causing 210 billion won in loss to group affiliates through breach of trust .
oscar cardozo scored the winner in the 87th minute after chesting down a pass from angel di maria and firing past keeper artur boruc from eight yards .
skinny african girls may get to strut on western catwalks but the fat ones have to stay at home .
the baby will be their eighth grandchild .
the idea of celebrating such a day began after the american civil war in the 1860 s .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"in all honesty , he would probably have chosen a wife from among them the contestants , isioma daniel wrote in saturday s article ."
"she met with the king wednesday and with several members of the shura council , an unelected advisory assembly named by the king , on thursday ."
the six week war failed to weaken the hezbollah movement in lebanon .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
2 . i don t know anything about the company .
"the cave ordeal began when kuznetsov , the group s leader , told his followers to hide themselves to await the end of the world , which he predicted would take place in may ."
"people in their 20s , 30s and blue collar workers preferred chung , who also worked as unification minister , to other contenders in the pro government camp ."
"sierra leone outlawed the capture and killing of chimpanzees on wednesday , declaring a one month amnesty for anyone keeping a chimp to hand it over to authorities ."
"the united states has sharply criticized the detentions , but iran insists america has no right to interfere ."
"the antonov 26 crashed into at least one house near a crowded marketplace in the country s capital , kinshasa , congolese officials said ."
flying with the flu ?
they landed in north korean waters .
"this may be why turnout was reportedly lower than expected , say observers ."
"survivors said the plane seemed to be going too fast as it approached the runway after a 50 minute journey from the capital , jakarta ."
"the body of paulos faraj rahho , the chaldean catholic archbishop of mosul , was found in a shallow grave in the city after a tip from his captors ."
"the attacks have been concentrated in johannesburg s poorest areas , and many of the victims were zimbabweans who have fled repression and dire economic circumstances ."
an ice storm grounded airline flights and knocked out power to thousands of customers from oklahoma to illinois on sunday .
united nations nuclear inspectors have been given the go ahead to return to north korea to begin the process of shutting down the main nuclear reactor .
the rebels told afghan authorities to trade taliban prisoners for the hostages by 7 pm local time .
"clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has said she needs to win both states to continue her campaign , a view shared by many analysts ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"iraqi troops and police arrived and chased off the militants , the official said ."
"in nearby naivasha , boulders and burning tires blocked the streets , forcing drivers to stop as gang members searched for tribal enemies ."
"shares had closed at 30 on friday , down 47 percent that day ."
north korea s red cross society sent a message of sympathy to its u . s . counterpart saying it hoped the country would recover quickly from the natural disaster .
living in a cage in hong kong
"john mccain , a former prisoner of war in vietnam , called an ad criticizing john kerry s military service dishonest and dishonorable and urged the white house on thursday to condemn it as well ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"barack obama will win the iowa democratic caucus and mike huckabee will be the republican winner , cnn projects , based on early results ."
"giro d italia champion ivan basso has admitted being involved in the operation puerto doping scandal , the italian olympic committee coni said on monday ."
"the two countries are also discussing establishing a consultative organization to control the allied forces joint operations , and gradually strengthening its role , they added ."
"the republicans have tried to play nice , he says"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"on the big day , smiles were few and far between ."
"the exchange bid collapsed , however , after the colombian president accused chavez of breaking an agreement ."
"the question is , is the market coming up off a bottom or experiencing what wall street sardonically refers to as a dead cat bounce , a reference to the idea that if you drop a cat on a trampoline , it will go up , once ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"dorko took command of the u . s . army corps of engineers gulf region division in baghdad on october 10 , according to the corps of engineers web site ."
"many colombians are donating food , medicine and blankets , which the red cross has taken to emergency sites ."
"now , he takes a handful out of the bag and puts it on a plate , and that s all he eats , saving 1 , 350 calories a day ."
"a story visual development guy , not the star of the show ."
"us led forces have killed about 30 militants in the iraqi capital , baghdad , the us military has said ."
starr once starred in an episode of the simpsons which showed him answering every piece of fan mail .
"and in the southern city of porto alegre , more than 500 people yelled get out , imperialist !"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
he said it was not yet clear how many of the dogs had taken part in the mauling or why they had turned on the caretaker .
one slip of the tongue ruined lee s plan to come to south korea as a north korean spy and find his son .
"opponents complain of the environmental impact , noise , pollution , and destruction to local property a third runway would create ."
they also said the couple went on frequent vacations that would have given the two women ample opportunity to flee .
"however , more than seven out of 10 supported the continued presence of u . s ."
"ground controllers were able to download data , which is currently being analyzed for clues as to what happened ."
its broad muzzle contained more than 50 columns of teeth lined up tightly along the front edge of its jaw .
"since the summer of 2002 , uribe has been bedridden , relying on his mother and friends to feed and clean him ."
"specifically , thompson leads among men , southerners , voters age 50 and older and ideological conservatives ."
"london , england cnn britain s ministry of defense has released files on ufo sightings dating back to the 1970s , including witness accounts and the government s response ."
"last week in saudi arabia , three people , including a mother and her daughter were beheaded for murder ."
"well , a medical examiner says the little girl was killed a length of time between when she was reported missing , and the uncertainty over how she died , could help her mother , casey anthony . we may continue to say she s innocent in the eyes of the law"
"not joking here , more than a dozen people outraged by the arrest of illinois governor rod blagojevich who put up the state s vacant senate seat for bids"
"the ruling uri party has secured just one post , the exit polls suggested ."
south korea has ordered schools to close and drivers in south west japan have been warned about low visibility from the dust clouds .
the us and its allies fear iran is building a nuclear weapons capability .
living in a cage in hong kong
"the north south summit and the six party talks go side by side , and after the initial steps are completed in mid april , it is possible to consider and discuss the summit , former prime minister lee hae chan told reporters in beijing saturday after he returned from pyongyang ."
the us president and australian prime minister have reaffirmed their alliance in the wars in iraq and afghanistan after talks at the white house .
"barksdale , who calls himself the president of doing stuff lifted netscape s hiring freeze , ramped up r d , opened foreign offices , broadened the target market , and cut prices ."
"one key area that s set to change , says microsoft , is user interface ."
"i was under the car . i saw my legs were severed , just flesh and skin . i was holding my legs , bleeding ."
"correspondents say the house of representatives , controlled by the democrats , is hoping to pressure the senate to approve a similar timeline ."
this democratic congress and the house armed services committee will not let the president get away with saying whatever he wants without checking his facts anymore .
"this and other provisions would place freedom and democracy in iraq at grave risk , embolden our enemies and undercut the administration s plan to develop the iraqi economy , the white house said in a statement before the vote ."
philip lahm and hitzlsperger combined passed before pander made room for a shot that left the unfortunate robinson with no chance .
cowart and schlesselman made their initial appearances before a federal judge monday and are scheduled for a bond hearing thursday in memphis .
"an american photographer famed for showing celebrities naked or bathing in asses milk chose a more traditional pose for britain s queen elizabeth , but annie leibovitz s new work sharply divided critics on wednesday ."
"the formal talks between kim and roh , which opened on wednesday , marked the first summit between the split nations in seven years ."
"the decision was another twist in a dramatic weekend for the deal , which would have been one of australia s largest buyouts ."
"merkel will meet president hu jintao , premier wen jiabao and cultural and civil rights groups on monday . she heads to japan on wednesday where she will also address climate change and economic issues ."
"elektra s 11 fatted years , as holzman calls them , actually began at the tail end of the folk boom , around 1963 ."
"the military is distrustful of gul , who served as minister in a banned islamist party in 1997 ."
korea exchange bank is going to introduce deposit accounts denominated in chinese yuan .
"she was arrested by police sunday after she flew in to britain on a flight from via atlanta , georgia ."
"whether it s his hair , good looks , acting chops or a combination thereof , hamm s star is on the rise in hollywood ."
"so far , 50 people have become sickened in 16 states and nine have become ill in canada after eating the cantaloupes ."
"though he doesn t deny the atrocities committed during his father s reign , amin says the film will compound many of the negative images ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
but she said she and bush agreed the iranian issue can be solved through diplomatic means .
"the market is now really looking at 100 a barrel as the next target to hit , said victor shum , an energy analyst with purvin gertz in singapore ."
monday s discussions in beijing were the first since china cancelled a summit with japan last month amid increasingly frosty ties .
"eight patients four men and four women remained stable at montgomery regional hospital in blacksburg , according to a hospital statement ."
"whether iran proves to be responsible for that attack or not , al maliki said his country cannot be a proxy battleground for washington and tehran ."
a government spokesman said the defeat went against public opinion and the desires of communist china s central leadership .
the newspaper said he made his comments while visiting dubai for a conference on cloning and genetic engineering .
"if i m your nominee , you will never have to worry that i will be knocked out of the ring because i do have the strength and experience to lead this country , she said . and i am ready to go toe to toe with senator mccain whenever and wherever he desires ."
"the protest was organized after leftist rebels of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , announced last week that 11 state lawmakers it had held for more than five years were killed in crossfire june 18 when an unidentified military group attacked the camp where they were being held ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"houston , texas space shuttle atlantis headed for earth on wednesday as its crew awaited the results of a final heat shield inspection ."
"in 2002 , jay s son tom pritzker took over as chairman ."
above the quartet is a high window .
local media reported the bus driver survived and is in police custody .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the gunmen followed the guards when they left the cafe , and shot them while they were getting into their car , she said ."
"he said that the apology was the start of a new approach towards aborigines which included helping them find their lost families , closing pay gaps and a 17 year difference in life expectancy between aborigines and white australians ."
"a german foreign ministry spokesman said that while the government is taking the report seriously , they have no confirmation their citizens have been killed ."
"abe attended a commemoration ceremony in the capital , tokyo , wednesday but did not visit the yasukuni shrine ."
pakistan agrees in principle to a 7 . 6 billion bailout from the international monetary fund .
gm and chrysler both say that they need billions of dollars to stay in business after the end of the year .
obama s remarks came just hours after the federal government announced a massive rescue package for citigroup
"on tuesday , northwest airlines announced it was cutting back on domestic capacity 8 . 5 percent in the fourth quarter due to oil prices ."
the filmmaker has lost his appeal to the motion picture association of america to downgrade the rating to pg 13 .
but sources close to the negotiations said there remained definite sticking points to finding a solution .
"the insurance industry says new cars are doing better and better in crash tests , thanks to anti rollover technology ."
"brazil s state owned oil company , petrobras , says it has discovered a huge new offshore oil field off the coast of rio de janeiro state ."
a long shot shocker at the kentucky derby
"the elite standing committee , which is"
"both tadic and nikolic opposed independence for the majority albanian province , which nationalists consider the cradle of serb civilization ."
"well , perhaps the start of the solution , john ."
ahmadinejad dismissed western pressure on iran to halt its nuclear drive .
korea to double african aid by . . .
all we want to do is pay the bills .
"most of the deaths have been in southeast asia , though the latest fatality was a 22 year old woman in the nigerian city of lagos ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"in the speech to lawmakers , sarkozy said his government is willing to commit more troops to the war in afghanistan , calling the fight there crucial to the nato alliance ."
included in lee s plan is the overhaul of english language education in korea .
"sunnyvale , california cnn yahoo inc . is facing seven shareholder lawsuits alleging the slumping internet pioneer bungled its response to microsoft s unsolicited takeover bid ."
more than 40 palestinians have died since the latest round of hamas fatah fighting broke out sunday in gaza .
"the taliban leadership council had extended the deadline as a sign of mercy , yousuf told reuters by phone from an undisclosed location , but had heard nothing from authorities seeking the release of the aid workers ."
"amid u . s . and iraqi calls for restraint , foreign minister ali babacan , currently touring the middle east , vowed that turkey would continue to pursue diplomatic efforts ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"according to the daily last months , the japanese government sent a letter to companies that used an estimated 700 , 000 koreans forced to work in japan , asking them to identify the location of the remains of deceased workers ."
"a total of 59 unforced errors for world ranked number seven williams told the story as dementieva pocketed the winning purse of 182 , 000 ."
the spears family announced in december that jamie lynn was pregnant .
"together we have overcome border controls as man made obstacles to peace , freedom and unity in europe , while creating the conditions for increased security , barroso said ."
"russia s vera zvonareva staged a remarkable comeback to send defending champion maria sharapova crashing out of the pacific life open on tuesday , completing an afternoon of major upsets in the women s draw ."
it discounts the effect storms might have .
the princely role offers a few advantages over being monarch .
the rebels said they would take control of the country s roads and destroy all royal statues after two days of unrest in which at least three people died .
regis philbin is as shocked as everyone else to hear that his friend david letterman has gotten married
"it was agonizing , i pulled it from one side , but it would come back on the other ."
"microbes have been around for three billion years , and we ve been around for a lot less time than that ."
"i retract it , of course , when i said , one is going to raze tehran , he said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
one of them was a policeman and the others were six civilians .
"alison silva had asked the jury to award him 711 , 974 , which includes medical bills , lost wages and punitive damages ."
"municipal official ljubica ukurtovic , in an interview with chilean tv station tvn , said approximately 100 people had sought treatment at the hospital ."
"once a hollywood staple , musicals hit a critical peak 40 years ago with best picture oscar winners that included west side story , my fair lady and the sound of music ."
"the steelers , on the other hand , will be making their 7th super bowl trip , and try to win it all for a record sixth time ."
"he adds that the outlook statement is very muted but this is hardly a surprise , whereas the u . s . performance was well above worst fears . potter says hsbc remains a safe haven ."
"the government estimates around 80 , 000 people are involved in prostitution in britain , with about 4 , 000 women having been trafficked for sexual exploitation ."
"all eight would also face kidnapping and conspiracy charges , a spokesman told reporters at the california camp where the defendants were being held ."
"south korean stocks opened higher friday as bargain hunters scooped up blue chips following steep losses in the previous session , analysts said ."
22 . being over aggressive in follow up
"we have enough reserves for the time being , but under the conditions of limited consumption , bulgarian prime minister sergei stanishev told cnn ."
"in north west frontier province , a senior intelligence official said the 15 year old suspect in the bhutto assassination told investigators that a five person squad was dispatched to rawalpindi , where bhutto was killed , by baitullah mehsud , a militant leader with strong ties to al qaeda and an alliance with the taliban in nearby afghanistan ."
new york mayor michael bloomberg wants the da to go after the hospital management for the failure to report the gunshot wound .
the full interview was to be broadcast later wednesday .
there were no reports of filming at the time of the fire .
"and in one of the least surprising wins of the evening , helen mirren took the best actress oscar for her portrayal of queen elizabeth ii in the days after the death of princess diana in the queen ."
"gibbons , 54 , was sentenced to 15 days in jail last thursday ."
"during the same weekend last year , there were 19 shootings , including four homicides , and 21 shootings were reported during the same weekend in 2006 , chicago police statistics show ."
"airbus said tuesday that the european planemaker is conducting a major review of its planned delivery schedule for its a380 superjumbo , which has been plagued by past delays ."
baghdad s willingness to boost diplomatic relations with the outside world .
some 70 people who have come into contact with the inmate have been examined tomorrow is the 55th anniversary of brown vs .
"television series , also makes the cut ."
tour de france leader michael rasmussen has been dropped from the danish team in a row with his national federation over drugs testing .
"we have great expectations from the united states , we are at the point where words have been exhausted and where there is need for action , babacan said ."
"salema s flatbed truck market rolls in weekday mornings , one truck each for fish , fruit and vegetables , plus a five and dime truck for clothing and other odds and ends ."
"enemies won t test me , mccain says"
"in this accident , none of those actions would have ultimately made any difference , said former shuttle program manager wayne hale , now a deputy nasa administrator ."
south korea has about 670 military medics and engineers in southern iraq .
"other items include a ceremonial gold dagger from tutankhamun s reign , an ancient dog collar , a turquoise and gold colored cosmetics container , statues which guarded the tombs of tut s relatives , and coffins ."
"the year is 1970 , and san francisco beckons ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"i don t believe in power sharing with musharraf he is a dictator , we are democrats , sharif said thursday , shortly after the pakistani court s ruling ."
"8th , but it was for supporting cultural activities and enforcing the policies of the city government , a city official argued ."
"spotted eagle rays can have a wingspan of up to 10 feet and can weigh 500 pounds , it said ."
"ullman produced the five episode series with her husband , allan mckeown ."
analysts say a big majority would allow the new president to press ahead with his sweeping economic reforms .
all rights reserved .
"and , she left behind a culture she says was oppressive for young women ."
obama on the daily show with jon stewart says he s having no second thoughts
"according to the source , china has recently informed the other five nations of the schedule and received positive answers from them ."
sunday s agreement with the former maoist rebels ends months of political deadlock that had stalled the peace process .
"police in moscow have broken up a series of gay rights protests , detaining more than 20 people , including activists from the us and britain ."
"on sunday , a spokeswoman for paterson suggested the skit was offensive to all people with physical disabilities ."
police had said they believed the abduction of the boy may be linked to the grandfather s drug dealings with mexican nationals .
"the transplanted neural crest cells also altered how the bird s natural tissues and even genes reacted in the presence of the foreign beak , slightly modifying some surrounding facial features and speeding some gene action , trainor noted ."
"iran has installed hundreds of centrifuges within weeks and aims to have 3 , 000 operational by next month ."
the city s reputation for violence and the difficulties that arise from not speaking portuguese make it even more important that tourists get some guidance about how to jump in .
"according to their joint statements , the two leaders reached a consensus that college student exchanges between the two countries will become an important cornerstone for better bilateral ties ."
hwang woo suk said that he would resume his controversial cloning research again .
"asiana airlines management and its striking pilots union resumed contract negotiations yesterday , three days after the pilots began a general strike demanding better working conditions ."
"six men were killed two who died in the blast and four who later succumbed to their injuries , he said ."
"twenty and thirty year olds are getting their news from the internet , he said ."
the house passed the same measure on a 218 208 vote wednesday night .
"the bunting suffer because the mice eat their eggs and chicks , and may also compete with them for food in the winter , cuthbert said ."
but mrs middleton was said to have committed the ultimate faux pas when invited last december to attend william s graduation ceremony at the elite sandhurst military academy .
tomas rosicky put the result beyond doubt and nwankwo kanu s reply just a minute later was no consolation for the visitors .
"hundreds of thousands of people have joined may day rallies across asia , with protests sparking high alerts in the philippines and indonesia ."
"the big problems remain . the fallout from the sub prime crisis continues , housing values continue to fall , consumers are retrenching , earnings are under pressure ."
the company was investigating the incidents and checking the machines for any signs of malfunction .
"it is especially surprising , he said , given that this is the same pope that made a controversial visit to turkey last year ."
have slipped through a greenpeace flotilla of protest craft under the cover of darkness .
"in july 2005 , senna was the sole winner of a national lottery worth 52 million reals 24 . 4 million ."
"a stream of bad news buffeted stocks though , including the worst u . s . retail sales figures in three years , a surge in uk unemployment and predictions that recessions were unavoidable in the u . s . and europe ."
association head han ki bong projected the association would have a good opportunity at winning the court action because other news agencies already marked a victory in similar cases .
"the korean border is the world s most heavily fortified , with almost 2 million troops deployed on the peninsula , including 37 , 000 americans stationed in south korea ."
a small cluster of villages in eastern netherlands has found itself in the midst of a mini baby boom
"vinokourov , who ripped his shorts and also suffered grazing to his right buttock in the crash , tried to rejoin the peloton with the help of six team mates but the collective effort failed to bear fruit and the kazakh went solo to limit the damage . he dropped to 81st in the overall standings , two minutes 10 seconds adrift of leader fabian cancellara ."
"casey sheehan , a 24 year old army specialist , was killed in an april 2004 battle in baghdad . his death prompted his mother to found gold star families for peace ."
"the people s choice awards were created in 1975 by producer bob stivers , who sold the show to procter gamble in the early 1980s ."
the increase in unrest has paralleled the increase of business and factory closings and job losses .
"u . s . stocks have tumbled in 2008 so far on growing fears that the credit and housing market crises will send the economy into recession , if it s not already there ."
"the kennel club is revising standards for a total of 78 breeds to ensure that all dogs are healthy , of good temperament and fit for their original function ."
"they rank third by nationality among users , after americans and brazilians ."
he is having a great season and is scoring a lot of goals .
"the judge who ordered 10 suspects held for allegedly plotting a suicide attack in barcelona , cited in his rulings the testimony of an informant . cnn has viewed the rulings ."
"palestinians have launched more than 230 rockets into israel since may 15 , an idf statement sent sunday said ."
when motech first started making solar sells in 1999 its oil company competitors like shell solar and mobil solar were not doing it for the money but the publicity .
"all of them runaways were arrested yesterday while two more are on the run , charged with torturing a 13 year old girl almost to death ."
if virgin was really serious about reducing the aviation industry s impact on the environment it would support calls for aircraft emissions to be included in the uk government s climate change bill .
"the chinese government was attempting to fill the information vacuum with its own message , saying sunday through official media that the restive areas were under control ."
a piece of insulating foam on its external fuel tank came off shortly after liftoff and was believed to have hit the left wing of the shuttle .
"the new indy adventure , which is set in the 1950s , also stars cate blanchett , ray winstone , john hurt , jim broadbent and karen allen ."
"the chapel of sacred mirrors , a manhattan temple , art gallery and sideshow , dedicated to new age neo pagan beliefs and psychedelic art , is ending ."
his only surviving child has now told the governor of new york she would like to succeed hillary clinton in the u . s .
she then embraced her daughter maria fernanda .
"in addition , it said , 18 people were wounded in the attack , including five u . s . citizens two service members and three contract employees ."
"some of the suspects are believed to have recruited and trained militants from asia in order to bring them to saudi arabia to carry out terror attacks , al turki said ."
"the show went into damage control wednesday , with cowell known for his acerbic comments and a series producer denying that he had heard what richardson said ."
"ghanaian president john kufuor , who chairs the african union , is expected to arrive in kenya in the next several days to mediate between the two leaders , the official said ."
"however , weather data show the storm might have peaked , meaning the worst could be behind the rovers ."
that s the ap s robert reed .
vatican officials said benedetti was distraught over a recent breakup .
"isuzu s deseo , a futuristic suv concept vehicle , has a lightweight , aluminum frame and stylishly short front and rear ends ."
"see , the american public , i think , in the last uh , 48 hours has come to view this as something that affects them personally , they saw their 401k plan , for instance , very substantially reduced in value on monday ."
what we can t do and won t do is reward north korea for their behavior .
"he was the only astronaut who flew in three of the nation s pioneering space programs mercury , gemini and apollo ."
news from citigroup that it actually made an operating profit during the first two months of the year is creating a bit of a rebound on wall street .
"many analysts have said that chung will probably avoid a prison term given his central role in running arguably one of the country s two most important corporations , the other being samsung electronics co ."
"cnn the crew members of a north korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates who hijacked the vessel off somalia , but not without a deadly fight , the u . s . navy reported tuesday ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"today , fingerprints are used not only for forensic investigation , but also commonly for passports , id cards , border surveillance , access control , and even shopping ."
an eye mask can also minimize interference from a neighbor s light and video screen .
"ross suspended , while bbc executive quits over abuse calls"
"as night fell on myanmar monday , some survivors faced their third night of darkness in the aftermath of the historic cyclone that robbed them of electricity , clogged roads with thousands of downed trees and , the government said , took more than 10 , 000 lives ."
"siena s loss became our sightseeing gain , as its political and economic irrelevance pickled it gothic ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"duhovny said the first time she saw one , it was shocking , but now , more than anything , it s just annoying ."
"she also said china and india could face worsening water shortages because biofuels require large amounts of water , while forests in indonesia and malaysia could face threats from the expansion of palm oil plantations ."
"the problem in mogadishu has been compounded by heavy fighting between somali government forces , backed by ethiopian troops , and islamist fighters ."
it traces what the great thinkers of western philosophy have thought about happiness .
"ferraro resigned from the campaign wednesday after widespread criticism over her comments about obama s race , originally published late last week in the torrance , california , daily breeze ."
their arraignments have now been rescheduled for may 13th .
"the mandatory service is an unavoidable source of trouble for young men , as they must suspend studies in colleges or quit their jobs ."
rivalries between the different sects that share control of the church often lead to tensions .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
some parents are aghast .
"it will give great status to those who have suppressed human rights and human dignity , bush added , saying there was no difference between raul castro and his brother , fidel , who recently stepped aside as president because of ill health ."
the attack on the house was the deadliest airstrike since last tuesday when israel started reprisals for the rocket barrages .
"julia teryokhina , 26 , who works for the alex agency in moscow , reports that she lost seven kilograms and was covered with bruises after undergoing two weeks of martial arts training ."
"one of the explosions was caused by a bomb hidden on a bus carrying government employees , police said ."
the inquest was adjourned on september 19 for reports .
mccready denied attacking her mother and told the news press of fort myers that deputies used excessive force in the arrest .
"more than 300 , 000 hits , jinan s local qi lu evening news reported on its web site ."
at least 34 people have been killed in gaza over the past two days .
"cnn scores of sex offenders in anderson , south carolina , will be corralled for halloween tonight in a move authorities say is needed to keep kids safe as they trick or treat ."
"the channel was dug beneath what would become the main road of jerusalem , the archaeology dig s directors , ronny reich of the university of haifa and eli shukron of the israel antiquities authority , said sunday ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"there were important lessons for the business world in the findings , said liuba belkin of lehigh ."
the uk s times newspaper quoted sorial as saying
"michelle obama turned the campaign trail into a runway this year , sporting eye catching colors and feminine cuts that sent fashion bloggers buzzing ."
"the law required her to live on the land , but she allegedly never did so ."
"hamm says he s always worn his hair long , but had to cut it for amc s tv series , in which he plays a 1960s madison avenue ad executive ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
one of the japanese wept as sunni clerics tried to comfort her after securing their release .
elton john said wednesday that he owns a photo of two naked girls taken by award winning photographer nan goldin that was seized by police at a british gallery .
"it houses about 10 , 000 u . s . troops , mostly marines . the facility was captured in april 2003 by australian special forces ."
"more than 2 , 000 radical protesters were still in rostock on monday , police said ."
"last month , an audio message from bin laden called on muslims to carry out jihad against pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf ."
pakistan s president pervez musharraf strongly condemned the terrorist attack and appealed for calm .
draft likely to be reduced
"dallas , texas cnn a dallas man who spent more than 27 years in prison for a murder he didn t commit was freed tuesday , after being incarcerated longer than any other wrongfully convicted u . s . inmate cleared by dna testing ."
"el bulli s success relegated the fat duck in berkshire , england , to the number two place for the second time ."
"the top two stories of a building under renovation collapsed in central london on tuesday , trapping a construction worker in the rubble , police said ."
"huntelaar , who has 10 goals in 18 internationals and 75 in 90 league games , has long been linked with the two time defending champions ."
the judge ruled that libby could not remain free on bail while his lawyer appealed against the sentence .
"in this field , parcak is a pioneer ."
"in one week , you can choose policies that invest in our middle class , to create new jobs and grow our economy from the bottom up , so that everybody has the chance to succeed ."
another phase of the o . j .
"karzai has ruled out exchanging jailed taliban fighters for hostages , since coming under heavy criticism for afghan"
"historians say some ancient korean fishermen had full body tattoos , believing that would protect them from sea beasts when shipwrecked ."
"to advance my convictions with civility , to pursue the public interest with courage , to speak for greater justice and compassion , to call for responsibility and try to live it as well ."
the norfolk based company said the clothing should be available for retail around the end of march .
"exports experienced a one month decline of 10 . 4 percent , with imports down 19 . 5 percent , the paper said , citing the general administration of customs ."
the ap s brian thomas reports the nationwide dropout rate is stuck at 1 out of 4 students .
"perfect stranger resurrects most of the cynical old tropes adulterous yuppies , slippery plotting and kinky accessories then rewires them with the addition of chat rooms , text messages and spyware ."
"murrow this instrument can teach , it can illuminate , yes , and even it can inspire ."
850 pound emerald at center of dispute
"the u . s . military used u 2 , rc 135 , and other reconnaissance aircraft for the flights , north korea s official news agency kcna said ."
"miles blogged on the web site of beaumont hospital in royal oak , michigan ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the case captured headlines around the world , with bloggers debating whether web postings constituted cheating ."
"however , akagi s father told kyodo that the home had never been used as a political office ."
"nowak , 43 , had earlier posted a 15 , 500 bond on charges of attempted kidnapping , battery and attempted burglary of a car with battery ."
"with considerable increases in the price of gasoline and food , life for low income households is becoming more difficult ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"sony s comedy superbad , the no . 1 movie the previous two weekends , slipped to second place with 15 . 6 million ."
if they wore the blue suit and went where the company sent them and did what the company asked of them
"denmark reports its first confirmed case , and hong kong has detected swine flu in a mexican citizen who recently arrived there ."
"ship departures were delayed by 24 hours , while commuters struggled to get to work in their own cars as local transportation was idled for eight hours starting at different times in cities across italy ."
a liverpool fc spokesman said the club would not be commenting on the alleged incident .
that agreement also called for an emergency loya jirga to be held at the end of the six month term to appoint a longer term temporary government .
the landing opportunities for the day have been waved off .
"a spokeswoman for the aena airport authority , which controls spain s airports , said the airport had been evacuated and closed to outgoing and incoming flights ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"but china s un ambassador , wang guangya , said that sanctions against burma s military rulers would not be helpful ."
"everybody was like , it s snowing , it s snowing !"
"a high scores page in navimon lists the best players around , and another page inventories every alien helped ."
he also suggested that the dispute could see an end .
"in the statement , a spokesman for ban said he has full confidence in the united nations country team ."
"a north korean nuclear test would be a provocative act , us secretary of state condoleezza rice has said ."
"the report was adopted by a large majority , with 382 meps voting in favor , 256 against and 74 abstaining ."
"much of it falls within the 17 , 000 acre morne trois pitons national park ."
congress before passage of a deal that must be voted up or down with no amendments .
"pristina , serbia cnn the diplomatic troika leading new talks on kosovo says that dividing the territory remained an option if serbs and albanians agreed to it ."
google tool uses search terms to detect flu outbreaks
"reports said the poles , from the szczecin area of northwest poland , had been due to return home on tuesday after two weeks on pilgrimage in spain and france ."
"on monday , chirac said of iran and its nuclear program i would say that what is dangerous about this situation is not the fact of having a nuclear bomb ."
"the report is our most fruitful lead to date on the traceback , said dr . david acheson , assistant commissioner for food protection at the food and drug administration ."
"nevertheless , he put all groups and people on notice everyone must respect the law ."
"those measures include a 7 percent tax break for corporate investment in energy conserving technologies and a so called cash back plan , in which the government offers 20 , 000 won to every household that reduces spending on electricity by 10 percent during the summer months ."
"the ap s jason straziuso reports that a clash with militants in eastern afghanistan has left 19 militants dead , along with a number of coalition forces"
south african ernie els birdied four of the first 10 holes on his way to a six birdie 66 and third place at five under .
"kenneth rowles , 50 , pleaded not guilty to the charge monday , according to cnn affiliate wbns ."
"hillary s life was marked by grand achievements , high adventure , discovery , excitement and by his personal humility ."
sarkozy spoke at a news conference two days after a french newspaper reported the couple planned to marry in february .
the index rose 0 . 76 percent the day before .
real were trailing 1 0 when beckham had to go off and his replacement reyes equalized within a minute .
"cnn a man and a woman have been charged by police in italy after they were found having sex in a confession box , it was reported wednesday ."
"ciganer albeniz left sarkozy in may 2005 to live with attias , but returned to sarkozy s side in the run up to france s presidential elections last spring ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"that have dragged on growth around the world . as the markets grappled with the election result , there was bad news on the u . s . jobs front ."
"burma has defied international pressure following its suppression of pro democracy protests , insisting there is no reason to change course ."
authorities have since beefed up security near suu kyi s lakeside residence and extended barbed wire barricades on her street .
obama senior adviser austan goolsbee will be the chief economist on the board .
"any such talks would probably involve the us and china which , along with north korea , signed the armistice that ended the war ."
"29 in february and 38 in march . may s death numbers appeared to support senate testimony last month from gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq ."
the majority of iraqi refugees have fled into syria and jordan .
"as dean approached the coast , its winds bent the tall palm trees in nautla a town of about 3 , 000 people some 20 miles 32 kilometers south of where the storm made landfall ."
"yeah , yeah , we ve confirmed that already , jolie said . well , jack s just confirmed it actually ."
microsoft corp . s xbox 360 costs 350 and nintendo corp . s wii costs 250 .
"south korean officials are believed to be worried that intercepting a north korean ship could trigger an armed clash , which is of particular concern since the two countries remain technically at war ."
about 460 south korean medics and military engineers have been in nasiriyah for almost a year .
that dire sounding prediction is exactly what his audience wanted to hear .
"lahore , pakistan cnn pakistan has been suspended from the commonweath a 53 nation organization made up of the uk and its former colonies ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"ali shah ahmadzai , the provincial police chief , said he thought talks had been on a positive track and said the new threat was a surprise ."
"in such cases , the other person should be able to pick up on the cues ."
"south korea s current leader , roh moo hyun , has pursued a policy of economic engagement with the north ."
"skull bones were extremely thick , with ridges and grooves characteristic of some type of armor or protective shield ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"more than seven percent of ethiopia s 77 million people are susceptible to river blindness , he told ministers and diplomats from several african nations ."
only seven parties of 39 running won parliamentary seats .
"however , their scores are 87 points higher than university students and 56 . 1 points higher than the 618 . 9 scored among graduate students over the same period ."
"the house foreign affairs committee passed the measure 27 21 wednesday evening , even though president bush and key figures lobbied hard against it ."
council member gail brewer wants fashion houses to ban any model with a body mass index of less than 18 . 5 the cutoff for the world health organization s definition of normal .
he added that the government will seek to narrow the gap between economic indicators and real economic conditions felt by people .
"like a family that finds itself choking under the weight of credit card balances and finance charges , the federal government is quickly obligating the american people with similar fates ."
roh expressed concern over the korean people who speak in support of the u . s . more proactively than u . s . citizens .
"up to 4 , 000 people were camped on a hill behind gizo , a town of about 7 , 000 , said alex lokopio , premier of hard hit western province ."
"lead has been linked to health problems in children , including brain damage ."
"production of a prototype aeroscraft ml866 has begun , with a test flight planned for 2010 ."
he still awaits punishment .
"lance cpl . david motari , a marine based in hawaii with the 1st battalion , 3rd marine regiment , is being processed for separation , and also received non judicial punishment , officials said in the statement wednesday night ."
"president elect barack obama is expected to introduce retiring illinois congressman ray lahood , a republican , as his transportation secretary today ."
they compared the number of heart attacks on each of the seven days after the time shift with the corresponding day two weeks earlier and two weeks later .
"patrick s day , a day to wear green and also a day to give away some green ."
a hospital spokeswoman said the 36 year old man died after the rocket was fired over the gaza border .
"in a televised address , morales announced that the referendum on his administration and the governors of the nation s nine departments will be held august 10 ."
meanwhile little is being said in the english language korean media about the condition of the released hostages or the status of those remaining in captivity amid an apparent government imposed blackout .
"there are many examples of marines who adopt pets and bring them back from iraq and demonstrate their compassion on a daily basis , he said ."
"as it nears the tarmac , one wing visible scrapes the ground ."
citigroup had asked for this because it said that it had already had an agreement to buy wachovia .
"she said police asked them if they had any information about the alleged incident , but she said the prince and his friend replied they had no knowledge of it ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
sarkozy earlier received a standing ovation during the first address in more than a decade by a french leader to a joint session of congress . he pledged to us lawmakers that france would support the us in afghanistan .
"the korea times reports lee choon ho , the nominee for minister of gender equality and family , who has been the target of criticism over property speculation along with some other potential cabinet members , has withdrawn her nomination ."
"moto taxis , three wheeled motorbikes with a covered backseat for two , are mncora s primary form of transportation ."
both men s and women s singles champions will receive pound
"there are little moments that are grand slam home runs , says gilbert ."
interview in 14 years .
"our phones and blackberries were surrendered all electronic equipment except the cameras handed over , put into bags , and our names written on the bags ."
"election officials in philadelphia reported robust but not record breaking turnout in tuesday s hard fought democratic primary , a contest seen as critical for sen . hillary clinton s presidential hopes ."
"under the practice , infertile couples are matched with local women to carry babies for 12 , 000 to 30 , 000 ."
"following the meeting , shin called a special press conference and officially resigned ."
she is currently funding her own and six other orphanages in the country .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"my heart goes out to all of you at this very trying time , prime minister manasseh sogavare said in an address to the nation ."
they want to determine whether hwang and any of his colleagues should face criminal charges for faking stem cell and cloning research .
draft likely to be reduced
"iii , who bought the resort last year , is also negotiating with the u . s . forest service to build a lift that would open hundreds of acres of raw terrain in the chugach mountains to highly skilled off piste skiers and snow boarders ."
"shimon peres has declared his country ready to make peace , but israel s new prime minister does not favor the palestinian state that s part of obama s peace plan . defense secretary robert gates is in the middle east , trying to reassure allies about america s efforts to improve relations with iran ."
obama did not appear on any of the sunday morning news shows .
we need the president to respectfully tell senator mccain to get out of town .
the wedding itself was preceded by a surprise bridal shower for janick .
its chairman is the chief justice and many members appear to be retired doctors or professors .
"the fair trade commission official , speaking on condition of anonymity , said , a probe of petrochemical companies has confirmed that they have rigged prices . . . of synthetic resin products , including polyethylene , since the late 1970s ."
"they died when their motorbike hit a patrol car in the town of villiers le bel , police said ."
"the united states and the international community can best help displaced iraqis by quelling the violence in iraq , she said ."
they re not doing it for the nostalgia .
18 killed in nepal tourist plane crash
"such permits are granted for research , enhancement and conservation purposes ."
"in an interview with cnn , abhisit pledged to revive thailand s sagging economy and reconcile with the opposition after a tumultuous period in the country s politics ."
"firefighter james earl drayton , 56 32 years"
"the farmers did not vote for mugabe , they say ."
"only a warm up for a bigger competition among the city s top 12 samba schools , which mount 80 minute parades on sunday and monday nights to impress a panel of judges and be declared the year s champion ."
"it has its own economy and millions of residents who own and create property , make friends and even get married , according to secondlife . com ."
"abandoned at birth , along with a twin brother who only survived a couple of days , knut first attracted attention when berlin s media picked up the story of his main caregiver camping out at the zoo to give the cub his bottle every two hours ."
india said its forces killed nine gunmen .
"japan s political funds law requires politicians to declare such donations when they exceed 1 , 700 , kyodo news said ."
draft likely to be reduced
bell clanging continuously
korea to double african aid by . . .
the military says the strike was aimed at militants linked to al qaeda operative abu musab al zarqawi .
"witnesses said they heard between three and six rockets , but the taliban claimed it fired off 12 ."
"riggle said he felt good about being able to be part of a comedy troupe that entertained the troops , saying that comedy and laughter is their escape from the deadly serious work they do every day ."
and let s protect democracy .
"but the u . n . security council has demanded that tehran halt its production of enriched uranium , which can be used to fuel nuclear power plants or , in much higher concentrations , to produce a nuclear explosion ."
"small says he s not 100 percent convinced these supplements will help stave off dementia , but they re worth a try ."
"denmark has announced it will withdraw some or all of its troops from iraq by august , but said it may boost its presence in afghanistan ."
hill s remarks came shortly after the bush administration said pyongyang had agreed to disable its nuclear facilities at yongbyon where plutonium is produced by the end of this year in a deal forged by the so called six party talks in beijing .
"the ginn open in reunion , florida , which had a 2 . 6 million prize pool this year , has not yet determined what it will pay out in 2009 ."
"on monday , federal officials met with rio de janeiro gov . sergio cabral to discuss deploying the army to fight violence in the city , which is to host the pan american games in july ."
"sasha and malia , obama said in his victory speech at chicago s grant park , i love you both so much , and you have earned the new puppy that s coming with us to the white house ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"this rudeness has deteriorated public spaces , according to lew friedland , a communications professor at the university of wisconsin madison ."
"officials in fargo , north dakota are calling in more national guard troops as the rising red river threatens to inundate the city in the coming days ."
the ap s bryant thomas in washington reports there s no shortage of advice on how to rescue detroit
officials in queensland state said monday they would launch appeal proceedings against district court judge sarah bradley s decision not to hand down custodial sentences in connection with the girl s rape in aurukun township on cape york in 2006 .
"grand national presidential candidate lee myung bak yesterday introduced a detailed plan to help north korea boost its per capita income to 3 , 000 within 10 years under the condition that pyongyang dismantle its nuclear program and open up to the international community ."
"business was also strong at take me out , the richard greenberg baseball drama ."
"however , controversy is likely to continue in the near future ."
"a tornado spun off the storm in zhejiang s manufacturing hub of wenzhou , which produces everything from shoes to cigarette lighters , killing several people ."
pakistani and afghan political and tribal leaders say they want to open a dialogue with taliban insurgents .
"use the pronoun preferred by the individuals who have acquired the physical characteristics by hormone therapy , body modification , or surgery of the opposite sex and present themselves in a way that does not correspond with their sex at birth ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"toys that are made out of fiber , such as cotton , especially organic cotton , wool or hemp , or toys made out of bamboo can be really nice choices ."
"hop on mobile devices are plastic , two way phones the size of a deck of playing cards ."
who did his interview with an arm in a sling the pain is just part of making a bond film .
some argue that bankruptcy judges will be able to force the automakers to shed brands and dealerships as well as get the big three out of labor contracts they can not afford .
"in a brief interview with the new york times after wednesday s panel , mary cheney said she agreed that blitzer had crossed a line ."
an army source told al jazeera that al abssi s wife and daughter identified his corpse at a tripoli hospital .
"they were completely professional , says tatiana andreeva , the director of the miss moscow beauty contest , who used the tandem school team to guard the competition this year ."
"as suharto s heart and lungs showed further decline , his family remained at his bedside sunday afternoon reciting verses from the quran ."
the loss of both houses of congress will make bush s last two years in office extremely difficult .
"however , the federal lawsuit was dismissed january 24 by a judge in los angeles who said he had no jurisdiction over simpson , who lives in florida ."
"a u . s . embassy statement reported a u . s . military member , an iraqi citizen and a third person of unknown nationality were killed ."
"where an opposing candidate is strong in an area , they supporters of president pervez musharraf have planned to create a conflict at the polling station , even killing people if necessary , to stop polls at least three to four hours , the document says ."
"about halfway into the video that was released on the web site , a bearded man in an orange safety vest and a checkered scarf appears on the camera and begins speaking over the radio to one of the u . s . warships ."
orders for costly manufactured goods and new home sales both logged unexpected gains in february .
"jerusalem cnn palestinian president mahmoud abbas on wednesday denounced hamas leaders as traitors , blaming them for planning their bloody coup in gaza while participating in a unity government ."
credit card spending tumbles 40 in first half .
"no tennis tournament has ever offered higher prize money than wimbledon in 2007 , tim phillips , chairman of the all england club said ."
"seaworld and a theme park called dreamworld for families , whale watching trips for marine enthusiasts and nearby brisbane tours for steadfast urbanites ."
joe cole s first half goal gave chelsea a 1 0 win over liverpool in the first leg of their all english champions league semifinal at stamford bridge on wednesday .
who did his interview with an arm in a sling the pain is just part of making a bond film .
abdul mahdi will be part of a new interim government that formally takes over iraq s sovereignty from the united states june 30th .
"he had only a pair of 1 2 3 innings , but the composed 24 year old left hander allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings ."
"under the 13 february deal , north korea agreed to initially shut down and seal its main nuclear reactor at yongbyon by mid april and also allow un inspectors back into the country ."
"at least 24 suspected kurd militants were killed , the turkish military reported , adding it suffered 5 casualties ."
abdul rashid ghazi s body was found in the red mosque basement .
"the terrorists planned to target hotels in beijing and shanghai that were frequented by foreigners , as well as government buildings and military bases , according to the ministry s statement ."
"twice last month , roh hoe chan , a democratic labor party lawmaker , referred to classified documents from the future of the alliance talks ."
"paul mccartney , who is in the midst of a bitter divorce from his second wife , has been photographed kissing another woman in the hamptons ."
"roh is expected to be the fourth head of state to renounce his membership in the governing party like his predecessors roh tae woo , kim young sam and kim dae jung ."
south korea has expressed its willingness to back north korea s move to join the international monetary fund imf and the world bank .
"police are investigating sunday a lift at a popular ski resort in central japan that had suddenly broke down , trapping 90 people inside gondolas for about 12 hours before they were rescued , officials said ."
"the cobblestone streets of the city s old quarter were jammed with hung over thrill seekers from around the world , all after a taste of spanish style danger ."
new york cnn a new york city council member thursday proposed pushing sponsors to ban abnormally thin models from walking new york fashion week s runways .
"the reality is that sometimes policymaking in washington can become a little bit too ingrown , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois ."
the fun center of the wine country
"there may be certain kids who have a compulsive component to what they are doing , he said in an interview ."
"also , since americans are particularly reliant on their cars dues to a lack of mass transport in all but a few cities and they have to drive longer distances to their jobs , their consumption of gasoline is closely watched ."
"asked if he was afraid for his own safety in the wake of his mother s assassination , he said i fear for my privacy ."
it is cold enough in minnesota to hammer a nail into a board with a banana left outside sound of hammering .
hsbc applied on dec .
"jason reitman received a best director nomination for juno , considered this year s sleeper in the little miss sunshine mode ."
"i think that given america , canada , australia are explicitly saying that their athletes can say what they want when they go to beijing , i think it is inappropriate to put this restriction on our athletes ."
"a chairman s statement urged a prompt implementation of the six party agreement to resolve the communist country s nuclear programs , according to seoul and tokyo officials ."
the project s goal is to analyze the chemical and mineral composition of the lunar surface .
"kim sun il , i really want to go home"
"they re just some of the creatures the actress impersonates in her new project , green porno ."
"petraeus said during the hearings monday and tuesday that the u . s . military would be able to pull about 30 , 000 troops from iraq by july 2008 ."
"we pose with giant tortoises that ignore our presence , and we try not to disturb the marine iguanas sunning themselves on the rocks ."
as choi put it after his conquest in the compaq i believe my victory will motivate the next generation of south korean golfers and challenge them to come to the united states and try out for the pga tour .
photographs showed people wading through inundated piazzas and waves lapping over waterside cafe tables .
"on saturday , musharraf imposed an emergency order in the country suspending the constitution and arresting hundreds of human rights activists and lawyers in what he said was a necessary move to fight terrorism ."
american landis said in a statement posted on his website that usada had stopped a rider s observer from attending the retesting of the samples at a french laboratory .
"the 54 year old man was arrested on suspicion of making threats after he sent his finger to the liberal democratic party headquarters in tokyo , said a police official in okayama prefecture , western japan ."
"after the win , jankovic took a spin in the red porsche 911 convertible given to the winner and appeared to have more trouble controlling the powerful car than the match ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
madsen called wyatt earp a big waste of time .
"it is extraordinary the broad section of people who have admitted some involvement , he said ."
a us defence department analyst has admitted giving classified information about military communication systems to a businessman working for communist china .
it involves the worst foreign policy mistake in the history of this country .
"a military helicopter on a united nations peacekeeping mission in nepal crashed on monday in the eastern district of sindhuli , killing all 12 passengers aboard , including lt ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the portrait , taken by photographer corinne day in 1990 , was shot in london two years after moss was discovered at a new york airport at age 14 ."
"taiwan should be independent , chen said at a banquet marking the 25th anniversary of the formosan association for public affairs , a pro independence group . taiwan is a country whose sovereignty lies outside the people s republic of china ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"in addition to a criminal investigation , there are ongoing investigations by the french banking regulatory commission and french senate finance committee ."
"jury selection begins may 29 , and u . s . district judge henry t . wingate is deciding whether prosecutors can show the video clips during the trial ."
"in tuesday s other group b tie , third ranked sweden were held to a 1 1 draw by african champions nigeria ."
"the democratic race between illinois senator barack obama and new york senator hillary clinton , is already extremely close , with neither side expected to deliver a knock out blow ."
"the magna carta previously was owned by the perot foundation , who purchased it from an english family in 1983 ."
google inc . has been successful in encouraging developers to make add ons for google s maps and other popular services .
the detainee was indicted by a federal grand jury in new york for the 1998 bombings of us embassies in africa that killed 224 people .
it was in the context of promoting the sci fi remake that hamm revealed his tonsorial frustration .
the pentagon has said it will transform u . s . forces worldwide .
"because anything posted on the web is available forever through an internet search , a rape survivor must consider how they would feel if that information were dredged up in the future , counselors said ."
"though japan s intelligence gathering satellites are not under military control , japan s ruling party proposed late last year that the military be allowed to use the country s space program . the proposal still needs to be approved by parliament ."
"more than 3 , 000 google employees from more than 50 offices worldwide , with the help of an advisory board , will whittle down the massive list to 100 finalists ."
"reagan will remain hospitalized for a few days until doctors are satisfied with her progress , drake said ."
"on wednesday , school officials in connecticut confirmed that one student at weston high school and one at newton high school had been diagnosed with mrsa ."
"this accident has proven once again that a human is powerless before the nature , he said ."
"about 5 , 000 candidates from more than three dozen parties vied for the 480 seats in the parliament s lower house ."
it s as if the administration has snatched defeat from the jaws of victory .
"police estimated the crowd at between 10 30 , 000 people ."
hsbc holdings plc reported monday that first quarter profit was better than in the same period a year ago despite a us 3 . 2 billion write down on subprime mortgage assets in the united states .
"with her mother , and because her ground level apartment is in an area of vacation homes with a constant coming and going of travelers ."
"john kerry was to challenge president bush over the war in iraq thursday in the climactic speech of the democratic national convention and pledged an administration where america never goes to war because we want to , we only go to war because we have to ."
"ford and volvo , which it owns , have 16 winners in the latest list of crash worthy vehicles ."
"new delhi , india cnn at least 35 people have been killed in three days of riots over class discrimination in the west indian state of rajasthan ."
"even before the iaea report was issued , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said the u . s . and its allies would use the security council and other available channels to bring tehran back to negotiations over its nuclear program . watch rice explain how the u . s . is open to talks"
"japanese prime minister shinzo abe criticised the short range missile launch , calling it a provocation that defied the un , and could destabilize the region ."
"schumacher , the sales account manager from san francisco , would have appreciated having that conversation ."
"cheong wa dae has almost finalized the new lineup for top security and diplomatic posts , which will be announced as early as today ."
"relying heavily on massive airstrikes recommended by the military chief , lt . gen . dan halutz , olmert pledged to his people that israel would crush hezbollah and force return of the captured soldiers ."
the former boss at aig is joining the finger pointing over the company s near collapse .
"it was the first court ruling in serbia related to the systematic killings of up to 8 , 000 muslim men and boys in srebrenica in the final months of the 1992 95 war in bosnia europe s worst atrocity since world war ii ."
"the 76 year old was earlier arrested at a hospital in the capital , phnom penh , and taken to face the panel of judges ."
offer to pay in cash as an incentive .
"on tuesday hamas overran fatah positions in northern gaza and declared all villages and towns north of gaza city including beit hanoun , beit lahiya and the jabaliya refugee camp a closed military area ."
impossible films plays in the background .
"16 , two months after pyongyang surprised the world with an underground nuclear test ."
the earthquake struck at 7 06 p . m . local time 8
"it s almost open , jeff bryan joked after he and his wife spent 90 minutes waiting for their luggage after an overnight british airways flight from miami to heathrow . we didn t mind because we re not in a rush , but a lot of people were , he told the associated press ."
"the battle near the camp continued into monday , killing at least 30 lebanese soldiers and wounding 39 others ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
he was also a strong supporter of environmental causes and worked to improve the lives of nepal s sherpas .
"i really freaked out when they came out with the memo , she said . a book manuscript waiting for a publisher"
"police , medical professionals and those who know josef fritzl are beginning to piece together how he led a double life for more than two decades in small town austria ."
brewer said she wants models to be educated on nutrition and designers to encourage healthful lifestyles . watch stick thin models strut the runway
"no other cars were involved , a united club spokesman told pa sport . he s fine and is training as normal with the team this morning ."
police spokesman marcele mendes said she will be held for at least 30 days .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"u . s . forces on saturday responded with hellfire missiles and rockets , and used apache attack helicopters on sunday ."
security camera video showed the interstate 35w bridge s center section collapsing into the river in less than four seconds .
restrictions to where you can smoke may have led more people to quit smoking altogether .
the storm has already postponed opportunity s descent into victoria crater to learn more about the planet s geologic past .
the prime minister does not face such a threat .
"mccain took the offensive in the hofstra university debate , reflection of obama s lead in a growing number of polls ."
the question is really
kyodo reported that no regulations under japan s public offices election law prohibit a candidate under house arrest overseas from running in an election in japan .
"sharif , who retains his pakistani citizenship , had been in exile in saudi arabia since 2000 and has not been allowed to travel or directly take part in pakistani politics ."
the latest confrontation is said to have started on tuesday when security forces encircled the mosque with barriers .
he was responding to the korean supreme prosecutors office s announcement of its interim conclusion on the long running investigation of lone star s investment in keb .
the comments by prince bandar bin sultan are similar to the remarks this week by saudi king abdullah that suggested britain could have prevented the july 2005 train bombings in london if it had heeded warnings from riyadh .
"the u . s . and some allies claim tehran is using a civilian energy program as a cover to develop nuclear weapons , an allegation iran denies ."
myanmar s ruling junta has been strongly criticized for last month s violent crackdown on pro democracy demonstrators .
saying her power struggles were stalling the passing of crucial budget legislation .
"this is one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever discovered in jerusalem certainly the largest and most important of its period , said doron ben ami and yana tchekhanovets , who are directing the excavation on behalf of the israel antiquities authority ."
"in his liberation day speech , roh called the current command structure between the south korean and u . s . militaries an abnormal state that stands at variance with the constitutional spirit ."
"at the time of that news conference , the toll was 26 separate shootings and four deaths ."
"until wednesday , the heavy fighting had remained focused in the western coastal town of mannar and the northeastern coastal area of weli oya ."
"criminal law is a very tight corset , he told swiss tv sf , adding that the question if prosecution had been under political pressure needed to be resolved ."
"but for some viewers , being part of the movie is making them sick literally ."
"he said the union also is willing to have the companies delay billions in payments to the trust funds that will assume responsibility for retiree health care coverage in 2010 , although he said that such a move would require court approval ."
he then went on a shooting spree .
"daniel hoevels , 30 , collapsed on stage at vienna s burgtheater last weekend with blood pouring from his neck after cutting his throat with what was supposed to be a blunt knife , media reports said thursday ."
"she was later joined by scott mcintyre and jorge nunez , and guess who s back back in tears"
"mohamed anni nasheed , a former political prisoner , was sworn in tuesday after he unseated asia s longest serving leader in the country s first multi party elections two weeks ago ."
"our arson explosive detectives , in conjunction with the los angeles county fire department investigators , immediately began their investigation , and during the course of the investigation , it led to a juvenile suspect , los angeles county sheriff s deputy tony moore told cnn s american morning wednesday ."
"now , with the movie follow up to the show set to premiere later this month , a number of them are planning trips so that they can see sex and the city . . . in the city ."
chavez said rice s visit to brazil and chile this week is aimed at mounting pressures against our government and against me .
"we look forward to relations between our two countries that witness , during your rule , further consolidation and development in all different fields , based on a firm contractual ground , common interests and similar values ."
forecasters say this could be the coldest day in years in the upper midwest .
"he added that if the u . s . continues to hold up the process until beyond next month , kt will not be able to complete the phone link to kaesong this year ."
"south africa s people were crying out to the nation s leaders to do whatever it takes to end crime , inkatha freedom party leader mangosuthu buthelezi said at the funeral ."
"with paparazzi and reporters swarming behind a police barrier , hilton waved and beamed but ignored shouted questions as she left the jail about 12 15 a . m . pt ."
the post said the pentagon and u . s .
"the person killed was a 23 year old stuntman , the beijing news reported , citing a local fire commander ."
he was granted bail in june and returned to work in july .
it s not just shifting time up .
"after a career of cranky insults , imus was fighting for his job after one joke that by his own admission went way too far ."
"there is a certain element of wanting to set things right according to some universal truth an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . but when revenge is acted out on the other person and not just fantasized about , it can be quite destructive and self defeating ."
parvez soon began showing up at school with bruises on her arms .
nine people were still missing and feared dead .
"support for the extension is conditional on nato providing more troops and equipment to back up canadian forces in the south , the former taliban stronghold ."
the project was aimed at developing nanotube processing technology .
"last month , authorities removed two girls and a boy from the compound ."
"the world bank announced on thursday that it is making 1 . 2 billion available in grants and loans to combat the global food crisis , including some 200 million for those most at risk in the world s poorest countries ."
"general musharraf continues to be chief of army staff , we will not be voting for him . but we will not be resigning ."
"forensic teams are searching the house , where the doctor and his wife have lived for about a year , neighbors said ."
this is a lot of taxpayer risk in return for not much .
"today , i was a candidate for the highest office in the country i love so much , and tonight , i remain her servant , he said ."
they asked readers to send in their photos and got an overwhelming response that s still going strong .
sharp inflation is starting just to ebb
palm beach police sgt . chris proscia said the 4 foot high statue was found wednesday morning with a message attached to it reading
"but winemakers of all sizes , from international spirits giants to mom and pop home brewers , see huge potential in india s booming market ."
"washington cnn a frog the size of a bowling ball , with heavy armor and teeth , lived among dinosaurs millions of years ago intimidating enough that scientists who unearthed its fossils dubbed the beast beelzebufo , or devil toad ."
"dr haneef , who is 27 , was arrested a week ago at brisbane airport , following a tip from uk police ."
"we had a very nice discussion about the political situation in the country , the crisis that we are having , odinga said after the meeting . we told him our point of view ."
another concern for dog charities is that animals are given as christmas presents .
"ronaldinho put the rossoneri ahead with a 63rd minute penalty , but collin benjamin equalised four minutes later ."
"suicide bombers attacked two gas stations wednesday , killing 70 people , reuters reported ."
"i don t want folks to venture out because we re having church and they feel obligated , the rev . glenn mortimer said after calling off services at wakefield lynnfield united methodist church in wakefield , massachusetts ."
"the insurgents , however , threatened that their lives would be in danger if the afghan and multinational forces launch a military operation to rescue them ."
the same survey found almost half of americans ages 18 to 29 turned to the internet as their major source of election news in 2008 .
the announcement was seoul s first about the troops it dispatched to the war zone . the government had asked media to keep silent over concern for the troops safety .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the mobile phone footage showed he exchanged taunts and insults with witnesses at his hanging on saturday .
"the foundation , which is affiliated with the ministry of education and human resources development , took over research personnel and research results of the koguryo foundation , which was originally set up to tackle china s attempt to usurp korea s koguryo kingdom 37 b . c ."
"ivanovic , 20 , has now won five of her six meetings with kuznetsova , with whom she has traded the second and third spots in the world rankings this year ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"south korea plans to quietly ask the united states to sell it four surveillance planes to watch north korea , though washington refused to sell them last year , fearing technology leaks , the joong ang ilbo quotes a government official as saying yesterday ."
all that remains of the pyramid is a square shaped 16 foot 5 meter tall structure that had been buried under 65 feet 25 meters of sand .
"nasa spokesman james hartsfield said that while it wasn t unusual for astronauts to leave the astronaut corps and return to the military , it was the first time the space agency had requested that the military terminate an assignment ."
"in this survey , middle and high school students were asked about their sexual behaviors and opinions starting in 1995 96 ."
"the incident took place during a performance of the local punk rock band rux , who were joined on stage by members of another punk band , couch ."
the region is about 35 miles south of stuttgart .
maine has escaped a direct hit from hurricane kyle .
"charles turner , a music composer who was recruited as a spy , took the photos at the wagner festival in bayreuth , germany , in 1939 , where he joined hitler s entourage , his son david turner said ."
coach michael skibbe paid the price and was fired last week with labbadia being appointed as his replacement on monday with a two year contract .
"as one of korea s progressive newspapers along with the hankyoreh and online media site oh my news , kyunghyang sinmun has kept close relationship with roh since his time as a presidential candidate in 2002 ."
"they accuse his government of being a front for former prime minister thaksin shinawatra , who they want to stand trial on corruption charges ."
israeli aircraft have been pounding gaza in an effort to stop hamas militants from firing qassam rockets into israeli territory .
"the council statement was read at a formal meeting shortly after the u . n . announced that secretary general ban ki moon was sending his special envoy to myanmar , ibrahim gambari , back to the region next week for consultations with key governments on international efforts to promote talks between the government and the opposition ."
phillips was held hostage for 5 days before navy seal sharpshooters killed 3 captors and rescued him .
"the unesco list is famous for including historic and cultural sites but in recent years the un body has opened its register to include intangible heritage , such as endangered languages or vanishing traditions ."
most of the leaders from pakistan s opposition parties have been jailed or placed under house arrest .
harvey had been the army s top civilian official since november 2004 .
"the blast comes a day before the start of the month of muharram , a holy period of mourning , when religious tension are high ."
there is no word of any injuries .
"reagan , suffering from alzheimer s disease , was not well enough to attend ."
it is the second smallest winning margin on the tour since greg lemond beat laurent fignon by eight seconds in 1989 .
cosby said his church had not received any threats directly ahead of wright s scheduled appearances .
"china has had its first defeat at the world trade organization wto , in a case centered on restrictions on the importation of foreign made car parts ."
cnn do you think you will be using a personal computer for the rest of your life ?
"kremlin spokesman dmitry peskov said russia could no longer tolerate a situation where it was complying with the treaty but its partners were not , and he expressed hope that russia s move would induce western nations to commit to the updated treaty . watch a report on moscow s decision raquo"
"toppled trees on train tracks were triggering massive delays in railway service all across germany , with rail lines closed in many locations , walden said ."
"new york cnn george washington s commissioned gold medal that was given to marquis de lafayette , the french revolutionary who supported the american revolution , was sold tuesday at auction for 5 . 3 million , sotheby s announced ."
"all of this might not normally matter , but jack s birth date is important to his overall legend , which proudly proclaims him the boy distiller ."
the search was launched after family members and police could not contact davis .
"i was thinking about that night and all the joy i had , she said ."
"twenty nine bombings and 20 other attacks rocked the country s four southernmost provinces sunday night , leaving seven people dead and 51 injured ."
"by noon , she calls it a day ."
"in 2006 , 147 million american adults were internet users , lead study author dr . bess h . marcus said in a statement ."
major markets in europe closed down by between 2 and 2 . 5 percent .
"it would unnecessarily handcuff our generals on the ground , and it s safe to say it s a non starter for the president , he said ."
"the folks in the park are hanging out at the straight talk cafe , an online enclave that supports john mccain ."
police said the stolen jewels are worth an estimated 3 . 5 million euros 4 . 5 million in total .
"about 51 percent of voters opposed the amendments , while approximately 49 percent were in favor of them ."
"what matters is , is that we re responding ."
"sir , we are very excited , singh said with stunning reverence compared with most american 19 year olds ."
"in his first interview since the north carolina and indiana primaries , the democratic presidential candidate said he thinks the united states influence around the world has been diminishing ."
"sumwalt said the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder were recovered and appeared to be in good condition , though they were covered in soot from the fire ."
the netherlands is depicted as a submerged land with only minarets peeking through the waves in an apparent reference to its religious tensions .
"new delhi , india cnn members of an indian ethnic community burned effigies , squatted on railroad tracks and blocked highways thursday in an attempt to bring part of the country to a halt in a protest over caste classification ."
"blair is due to make a statement about the 7 , 000 british troops serving in iraq in the house of commons ."
venus williams broke the u . s . open record for fastest women s serve with a 129 mph bullet as she blasted past hungarian qualifier kira nagy 6 2 6 1 in the first round on monday .
lawyers in lahore have been holding rallies every thursday to protest the government s crackdown on the judiciary and imprisonment of lawyers and judges across the country .
"from paris to mumbai to tokyo , it was one of the worst days for stocks since the terror attacks of september 2001 , as share prices in asia , europe and the americas all plunged by significant amounts"
"the landslides occurred on the third anniversary of the asian tsunami , which killed 230 , 000 people in a dozen nations ."
specialist james barker was one of four serving soldiers charged over the killings in the iraqi town of mahmudiya in march 2006 .
"the parliament is expected to consider changing the constitutional process to allow turkish voters , instead of parliament , to choose the president ."
"reached at his home in chicago , levy said he had no idea whether the journal s timing of the publication on thanksgiving was intentional ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"after saturday s results and a split decision in last week s super tuesday contests , clinton shook up her campaign sunday by replacing campaign manager patti solis doyle with a longtime adviser maggie williams , her campaign announced sunday ."
a crisis had been brewing in pakistan at the time he called karzai and told him he couldn t make a personal appearance .
the other oscar nominations went to clint eastwood for the world war ii epic letters from iwo jima and paul greengrass for the september 11 docudrama united 93 .
"if jobs did not use this opportunity to announce a significant expansion of the drm free offerings in the itunes store , especially after the last of the major labels announced last week that they were putting their music on amazon . com amzn without copy protection ."
"an explosion has hit a cafeteria at the iraqi parliament , killing at least eight people , at least two of them mps , the us military has said ."
"what is rarely reported is that worldwide , sharks kill an average of 10 people every year ."
"le clezio s first novel , le proces verbal minutes of a meeting was published in 1963 and won le clezio the prestigious theophraste renaudot prize when he was just 23 ."
waterways have been polluted and wild animals have been killed .
"with all music companies struggling from a drop in the sale of physical albums , emi , announced its first deal with apple and the itunes online music store in april ."
"the latest tax measure took effect thursday , the official xinhua news agency reported ."
"nine people were killed on thursday , official media reported ."
kononenko was asked to give periodic reports on how the toilet was working .
but that s just for starters .
"there has been growing concern over possible negative effects resulting from intensifying competition to lure customers for mortgage loans , securities trading and fund investment , yoon jeung hyun , head of the financial supervisory service , told bank presidents and executives at a breakfast meeting ."
i believe i have a responsibility to the voters of our state to make sure that they can exercise that right in a timely fashion .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
what we re saying is that in iran . . . munitions are being manufactured that are ending up in iraq .
"u . s . and iraqi forces have taken control of buhritz , about 50 miles north of baghdad , several times over the past four years , only to see sunni insurgents take it back once they left ."
"a gas station in caulfield , about 15 miles west of west plains , was destroyed by the storm , according to the assistant manager of a neighboring station ."
"he hosted saturday night live this fall , he s due to play tina fey s love interest on 30 rock and he continues to receive accolades for his work on mad men nominations for an emmy and a golden globe so far ."
"an unknown number of the estimated 4 million to 5 million american civilians living outside the united states , as well as hundreds of thousands of military personnel , have cast absentee votes sent to them by their home state , while others have had to submit a federal emergency write in ballot ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the future of talks is very much uncertain at this point , hill told reporters as he left his hotel in beijing ."
"the primary would never be a fair competition as the rules of the game were specially made for a particular candidate from the outset , wang said monday , echoing the spirit of earlier comments in which he had cast doubts on the fitness of an indicted figure to lead the party s presidential ticket ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"burrell said he suggested to the princess that she wear it on the fourth finger of her right hand , rather than the left , as is customary with engagement rings ."
"wwf was discovering new species at a rate of two per week , said chungyalpa , who said the reason for publishing the report now was twofold ."
but the waterfront is what really makes genoa work .
"reacting to the speech , a spokesman for sen . barack obama , the democratic front runner , said that the substance of it mirrored obama s positions but that mccain has no track record of leading on the issue ."
toast to your travels at the new frasers gourmet hideaway in oak harbor
yahoo shares finished last week at 20 . 78 .
murray makes history with triumph in madrid
"wambach came back on in the 65th minute , and her return seemed to calm things for the americans . o reilly scored minutes later with a clever shot using the outside of her boot ."
"obviously he has been through a lot this week , said wes anderson , who directed wilson in the darjeeling limited , one of the films in competition for the venice film festival s top award ."
"an israeli helicopter has landed in the area after a series of air strikes , according to lebanese army officials ."
the books we used in two previous trips to italy carry nary a mention of the city . our last trip was centered in the piedmont region around turin and we decided to add genoa and the italian riviera .
"officials credited well attended conferences and trade fairs for the increase , singling out an ongoing gathering dedicated to cultural tourism that has attracted more than 1 , 000 visitors ."
"the theory is that light hits the blood vessels behind the knee , which kicks off a chemical process that resets the brain s clock ."
"i m not going to throw a figure out here . what he said is , he wants a plan big enough to deal with the large challenges we face ."
"of the 70 small pink eggs wrapped around the male s tail , nobody knows how many are viable and could actually hatch ."
"the parents , gerry and kate mccann , have said they won t return to britain without their daughter ."
"in response , georgia has formed a west nile task force ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"my deepest thanks to the members of the academy for whacking me with the handsomest bludgeon in town , day lewis said as he accepted the award ."
"a jury heard that khan intended to behead the soldier like a pig and release footage of the killing on the internet , the british press association reported ."
cooper watched obama s speech from her home .
the cut put the central bank s federal funds rate at 1 percent
the revised numbers show the jobless situation was worse than first thought in december and january .
"the portobello film festival was created in 1996 as a reaction to the moribund state of the british film industry , to provide a forum for new filmmakers and give exposure to movies on different formats ."
"i m going to find out over time what went right and what went wrong , he said in reply to criticism that the authorities were too slow to respond ."
"red cross teams and other agencies are trying to deliver more than 20 , 000 tarpaulins , kitchen sets , blankets and water purification tablets to the worst hit areas ."
bush approved a national security directive in november 1991 committing the united states to removing all nuclear weapons from the peninsula .
pichushkin was arrested in june 2006 after a woman left a note at home saying that she was going for a walk with him and was then found dead .
"shim s narrow three story museum exhibits hundreds of erotic artifacts , from indian carvings and tibetan statutes to chinese folding screens and korean paintings ."
public security ministry spokesman wu heping said these suicide squads fear neither bloodshed nor sacrifice .
.
"often called bio bay , this is one of the best places in the world to experience bioluminescence , a natural glow produced by living organisms ."
"her story was the subject of numerous films and books , but first came to international prominence in the 1994 movie bandit queen , directed by shekhar kapur ."
"you can t solve the problem by limiting choices , he added ."
the impasse stems from a north korean demand that it be provided with a light water nuclear reactor as part of a deal to give up nuclear weapons and on the intransigence of the united states in denying north korea any kind of peaceful nuclear program .
analyst alex potter at collins stewart says the report of higher first quarter profit is a claim few banks in europe will be able to make .
"this year , japan plans to take some 50 humpbacks ."
the eight children were born between 1992 and 1998 .
asked gingrich . the job of the candidate is to raise the money to hire the consultants to do the focus groups to figure out the 30 second answers to be memorized by the candidate .
"supreme court justice joseph c . teresi will hold further proceedings to determine how much restitution dell will have to pay to its customers , the decision said . dell said disagreed with teresi s decision ."
"chung s prolonged incarceration could have a grave impact on the industry as well as the national economy so a suspended sentence is likely , said yong dae in , an analyst at goodmorning shinhan securities ."
this is stunningly dangerous . watch why gingrich is deeply worried raquo
"a giant hangar , one of the world s largest structures , was built in wiesbaden , germany for storage and manufacture of these giant craft ."
"the daily express and daily star , both owned by express newspapers , printed an apology on the front page of their wednesday editions apologizing to kate and gerry mccann for suggesting the couple was responsible for the death of their daughter ."
the 1879 battles of isandlwana and rourkes drift .
the papers also describe methods to fund terrorists and address the potential fraud of commercial web sites and international internet payment systems .
"kimberly del greco , the fbi s biometric services section chief , said adding to the database is important to protect the borders to keep the terrorists out , protect our citizens , our neighbors , our children so they can have good jobs , and have a safe country to live in ."
the dow is down 25 points .
nearly doubled in size yesterday .
"kim young nam , believed in the south to have been kidnapped to the north while he was 16 , said yesterday he crossed the inter korean sea border by accident , denying allegations of abduction ."
i will say what i want and he will say what he wants .
"shahbaz sharif , who was chief minister , or top executive , of punjab province , is charged with ordering police to kill five men in lahore in 1998 . at the time of the killings , his brother was pakistan s prime minister ."
some experts say that early voting is becoming more popular because voters like the convenience .
he s been an outspoken critic of obama and his plans for closing down gitmo . he plans to make a national security speech in washington shortly .
"in it , the president warns a failure to act swiftly and boldly could cost another 5 million jobs and allow the economic crisis to continue to deepen ."
"men and women from a broad cross section of ages and social classes began arriving before dawn , although most volunteers were young men ."
"rome , italy cnn italy s food fraud police say they have seized about 1 , 000 hams because the meat was branded with fake parma prosciutto trademarks ."
belgian gert steegmans won the second stage of the tour de france after a pile up 2km from the finish put about 170 riders out of the final sprint on monday .
"i consider myself not guilty and i will file an appeal , he said , adding that he had not paid the fine ."
"but the two new studies , by business professors at lehigh university in pennsylvania , rutgers university in new jersey and chicago s depaul university , suggest that people are notably more likely to lie in an e mail even than in traditional pen and paper communication ."
jakarta shows just how fast a city s fortunes can change .
wachovia senior economist mark vitner said that assessment is right on the money .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the recruits were heading from falluja to baghdad around 11 30 a . m . when they were hit by the explosion in the town of haswa , the official said ."
"kim tae young , chairman of the south s joint chiefs of staff , told a parliamentary hearing wednesday that the military would strike a suspected north korean nuclear weapons site if pyongyang attempts to attack the south with atomic bombs ."
she paused briefly to wave to people gathered to watch her departure .
fighting between iraqi government troops and what officials call rogue or outlaw members of shiite militias has spread through southern iraq s shiite heartland to baghdad since the launch of a government crackdown in basra on tuesday .
bush said he appreciated howard s commitment of australian troops in iraq even as times got tough .
"seoul , south korea ap yoo si min , a newly elected reformist lawmaker , tried something no south korean has ever tried"
"i must say we will not apologize even if there s a resolution , abe told lawmakers in a lengthy debate , during which he also said he stood by japan s landmark 1993 apology on the brothels ."
state taxes vary but are generally lower than 40 cents a gallon .
"macadamia nuts can cause a short term hind limb paralysis , and bread dough , if eaten before baking , can expand rapidly once ingested and cause ethanol poisoning ."
tasty lunch
"because of the physical beating they take from stranding on rocks and surf , compared to sandy beach strandings , animals die more quickly , said gales ."
"martin van buren , william henry harrison , andrew johnson and ulysses s . grant all owned slaves but not during their time in office ."
anti chinese protesters and beijing supporters had lined the streets along the planned route along the city s waterfront hours ahead of when the relay was to begin .
but it doesn t mean that they relate to hitler or frankenstein .
"but after the report on the war by the winograd commission , polls show that olmert s support among the israeli public is virtually zero ."
the mission claimed that the timing of kim s visit to taiwan was sensitive .
jadson then scored two goals in eight minutes and second half substitute yevgen seleznyov completed the rout in the 75th .
"twelve israeli civilians have been killed from hezbollah rockets , including eight in haifa on sunday ."
"evenly applied law and a level playing field are also important , eldon , 62 , told a press conference in seoul ."
the dow is now down 50 from its all time high .
"nearly six million gallons of oil leaked into the atlantic , killing up to 75 , 000 birds and blackening beaches ."
hwang woo suk s research activities will not be affected by gerald p . schatten s announcement .
"the european commission is planning to send 15 . 45 million in humanitarian aid to help flood victims , said louis michel , the european commissioner for development and humanitarian aid ."
"al qaeda has begun an online propaganda campaign , targeting german speaking muslims with increasing amounts of terror related content , german security officials have told cnn ."
u . s . commerce secretary carlos gutierrez said the twice a year talks are all about the long term developing a common understanding of the future .
"in one corner , an arabian sheikh ."
"the woman told the operator she would fasten the last riders into the car , and the new operator , whose name wasn t immediately available , stepped into a booth and started the ride , tartaglia said ."
about 700 drivers were taking part in the strike .
malta became a member the following month .
"the phoenix mars lander , with its solar panels unfurled , measures about 18 feet wide and 5 feet long ."
"it closed at 14 , 087 . 55 monday ."
"meanwhile on friday , the chief u . s . negotiator to the six party nuclear talks said north korea had invited a delegation of nuclear experts from china , the united states and russia to the communist country next week to survey nuclear facilities slated to be shut down ."
construction will begin next year and finish by the summer of 2011 .
4 . only using the internet
"supporters point to the environmental cost of trucking produce from farms to cities , the loss of wilderness for farmland to feed a growing world population , and the risk of bacteria along extensive , insecure food chains as reasons for establishing urban hydroponic farms ."
flying with the flu ?
"however , he had to be withdrawn in march after his secret deployment was revealed in a media report ."
"his most recent creation , the recital pavilion , was unveiled at this year s poetry international festival in rotterdam ."
"so many fires breaking out simultaneously in so many parts of the country cannot be a coincidence , prime minister costas karamanlis said in a nationally televised address on saturday ."
"you re near where switzerland , italy and france come together to high five the sky . miles literally above chamonix , you re riding europe s highest lift ."
"the alaska governor appeared on cnn s larry king live on wednesday to discuss the historic campaign , how she thought she affected the republican ticket , the concession speech she never got to make , her family s coverage in the media and her plans now that the election is over ."
washington agreed on the meeting s sidelines to settle the financial sanctions by mid march .
clinton also accused obama of supporting billions of dollars of breaks for the oil industry by voting for an energy bill she opposed and said he did not support the workers of a maytag corp . plant that closed in his home state of illinois .
"the agreement reached by north korea , the united states , south korea , japan , china and russia outlines steps for the reclusive communist nation to begin to shut down its nuclear program in exchange for 300 million in energy and financial aid ."
the federal reserve has issued more than 20 billion in things like treasury bills to help meet the demand for safe assets .
but with the increased interest in internet dating comes more people willing to prey on those looking for love online .
"if not tuesday , i think it will be fairly soon , obama campaign spokesman robert gibbs told abc s this week on sunday . we hope this week , absolutely ."
the powerful political movement boycotted iraq s government for two months after prime minister nuri al maliki met with president bush in november .
"tuusula , finland cnn flags in finland were flying at half staff thursday and government workers observed three minutes of silence a day after a teenager opened fire at his high school , killing eight people before fatally turning the gun on himself ."
kabc has reported that their chopper pilot has seen 40 to 50 homes on fire .
flying with the flu ?
making sure that chen s visit went smoothly was extremely important to taiwanese president ma ying jeou .
"about 8 , 000 riot police were deployed around the rally , and they watched the protesters peaceful march , blocking off several roads in downtown seoul . there were no clashes or arrests ."
"at an emergency hearing friday , a court commissioner suspended spears right to visit sons sean preston , 2 , and jayden james , 1 ."
"a chinese couple tried to name their baby , claiming the character used in e mail addresses echoed their love for the child , an official trying to whip the national language into line said on thursday ."
"the launches were part of regular military drills to strengthen self defense , the north s foreign ministry said in a statement carried on the state run korean central news agency ."
about one in 10 admitted they were the object of criticism or stares because of their own cell phone use .
"sezer , a staunch secularist , had acted as a brake on the government by vetoing numerous bills and blocking the appointment of hundreds of officials ."
he said he moved to the base for his family s safety .
draft likely to be reduced
northern white rhinos are considered critically endangered .
the film is based on a short story written by f . scott fitzgerald in the 1920s .
"davis and others announced the winner at east tulsa dodge , where the car had been on display the past week ."
"the korea times reports the 11th round of the future of alliance policy initiative talks , which began in 2002 to reshape the half century military alliance , is drawing attention as it comes amid the u . s . move to realign its forces on the world s last cold war frontier ."
"in today s world , sex doesn t just sell ."
"it s going to be government reform because that , that is what i ve been able to do as a mayor and as a governor , you , you take on the special interests and the self dealings . yep , you ruffle feathers and you have the scars to prove it , palin said tuesday in an interview with cnn s drew griffin ."
"his remarks came just after hwang s team last week revealed imprinting analysis test results , which they insist is clear cut evidence refuting an snu investigation panel conclusion on the cells identity ."
obama also finished first in the texas democratic caucuses .
"diego maradona arrived in scotland on sunday ahead of his first game in charge of argentina s national team and , to the delight of the scottish fans , autographed a photo of his famous hand of god 1986 world cup goal against england ."
"north korea has pledged to strengthen its war deterrent , days after it missed a year end deadline for declaring its nuclear activities ."
"president barack obama is taking it to the marines this morning , going to a base in north carolina to announce that most american forces will be out of iraq after two more summers in the unforgiving desert ."
smoking regulations are stiffened .
"carlo urbani , 46 , an italian who expert on communicable diseases who identified the sars outbreak in hanoi , died on march 29 in thailand where he had been receiving treatment after becoming infected in vietnam ."
"presidential appointments of ministers do not require parliamentary approval , but the gnp s steadfast opposition is putting an increasing burden on the roh administration , which only has just over a year remaining in office ."
"from now on , we re going to make those civilian vehicles flex fuel capable , plug in hybrid or cars fueled by clean natural gas . if our great goal is to move american transportation toward lower carbon emissions , then it should start with the federal fleet ."
she said she was disappointed that all but one member of the government refused to sign .
lindesay wants other parts maintained in their current weathered state and to safeguard spectacular vistas around the wall from what he called view pollution .
airplane crash lands into hudson river
interior ministry forces deployed on surrounding rooftops peer down at the scene
"mass production of its roughly 190 laptops is expected to begin soon , but with fewer than the several million computers originally envisioned ."
the bill melinda gates foundation .
he was said to be in moderate condition in hospital .
not too long ago they wore a big scarlet f for too much fat .
"last week , ford motor co . f , fortune 500 said industrywide sales could drop as low as 14 . 4 million for the year , which would be the lowest level in 13 years , according to ward s autoinfobank ."
google tool uses search terms to detect flu outbreaks
"he called on the palestinians to reject extremists , although he did not mention the islamic radical group hamas , which has gained control of gaza ."
a military dialogue with pakistan should now be teamed up with a political dialogue .
"forty nine percent of those questioned in the new survey say mccain would mostly carry out bush s policies , down from 56 percent in the previous poll ."
among the tunes on the play list are the star spangled banner and an american in paris
now it seemed to lee that the only way to return home was to survive the course .
"5 and december 7 and las vegas , nevada , december ."
cut more than 300 deals with u . s . companies for access to their biotechnology .
"in july , a respected mexican financial journalist announced that slim had overtaken gates as the world s richest man but the magnate said he did not care ."
"while the skull is platinum and the diamonds flawless and ethically sourced , hirst stressed the teeth are real ."
"the north is demanding that the united states show an attitude of lifting the financial sanctions and not expanding them so as to create an atmosphere for entering into discussions on denuclearization commitments in a 2005 accord , said the report posted on the paper s web site seen in seoul ."
president bush has authorized federal aid by declaring a state of emergency in new hampshire and massachusetts .
about 460 south korean military medics and engineers have been operating in the southern iraqi city of nasiriyah for a year .
"wikis , online pages that any user can edit , surged in popularity among consumers thanks partly to the online encyclopedia wikipedia ."
"the children are often beaten or threatened with arrest to force them to enlist , the report says ."
some unconfirmed reports said the north korean leader underwent brain surgery after suffering a stroke over the summer .
the visit comes as unconfirmed reports suggested brown was considering a reduction in the number of british troops in the southern iraqi city of basra .
"wednesday night , however , it s our turn"
justice minister chun jung bae will meet the u . s .
"sharif , like bhutto , returned from exile late last year to compete in the elections ."
the 21 members of the asia pacific economic co operation apec account for nearly half of the world s trade .
"the u . s . banned ivory imports in 1976 , and the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora effectively outlawed trade in elephant tissue in 1989 ."
"the notification was made hours after the first shipment of 6 , 200 tons of heavy fuel oil out of 50 , 000 tons arrived in north korea in accordance with a six party talks agreement made last february ."
"in neighboring iran , one cleric dubbed the act the shoe intifada rebellion ."
a militant islamic group that recently renamed itself al qaeda islamic maghreb has claimed responsibility for two suicide attacks that killed dozens in algeria including an assassination attempt on the country s president .
"symptoms of dengue fever include high fever , severe headache , backache , joint pains and eye pain , nausea , vomiting and a rash , according to the cdc ."
the two women will undergo a thorough medical check up and screening as soon as possible .
"the bollywood actor sanjay dutt returned to prison monday , two months after he was released on bail , to resume serving a six year sentence for illegal weapons possession in a case linked to a 1993 bombing that killed 257 people ."
"she , her husband , five children and other relatives erected a hut to live in"
"the death of david rattray , a friend of britain s prince charles and an expert on the 1879 anglo zulu war , has put south africa s high rate of violent crime in the spotlight again ."
the official confirmation by the health ministry has set health safety alarm bells ringing just weeks before japan is due to co host the may 31 june 30 soccer world cup finals itself struck by foot and mouth disease in its pigs .
82 of americans support pullout of us troops stationed in korea .
the weapons known as explosively formed penetrators efps are capable of destroying an abrams tank .
"we re so open with everything and our emotions nowadays , but people at that time , they just didn t talk about it ."
it s anything but the first time supporters have caused trouble for teams by throwing things from the stands .
"however , olmert suggested a slower pace ."
shocked neighbors stood in front of the orphanage as water from fire hoses gushed down the smoldering building s walls and stairs .
it sounds almost like a plot line from star trek
"in the past , aside from the occasional young star like tiger woods , the players winning big tournaments have tended to be the more mature pros ."
"the mungiki militia , who are loyal to president kibaki s kikuyu tribe , has been accused of carrying out some of the killings ."
"designed in 1974 by sanrio , hello kitty first appeared on a plastic coin purse ."
"place a pair of lamps with ivory shades on each side of your bed , and make sure the bulbs are no more than 60 watts ."
"diana s friend rosa monckton last week testified that it was difficult to judge the intensity of diana s romance with fayed , but monckton said it was clear to me that she was really missing hasnat khan , a heart surgeon with whom she had had an affair ."
congressional expert norm orenstein says obama has to show energy and drive
"basically it means sleeping and eating together in korean , and the system reflects a belief that doing things together improves performance ."
the movie plans to show deng s role as chinese premier during the tiananmen square massacre
it is time for the party to review if it has successfully met public expectations .
draft likely to be reduced
"in europe , the french cac 40 and the german dax also had gains of more than 10 percent ."
"indian based officials said the figure was confirmed by several sources , even though china had put the death toll during friday s riots at 10 ."
yoon hyun soo at hanyang university are no longer members .
it was the public s first look at the building after a little more than three years of construction .
"confetti filled the air and fireworks lit up the night sky after the game , which was played in jakarta ."
"time for au revoir , producer cameron mackintosh told the audience at the curtain call as he thanked the cast and all the great , fantastic casts we ve had before ."
"the failure knocked out power to customers in 35 southern florida counties and spread into the northern florida peninsula . the affected region ultimately ranged from miami to tampa on the state s west coast and brevard county , home to cape canaveral and the kennedy space center , on the east ."
a flotilla of coast guard and law enforcement boats planned to follow the whales to make sure they didn t head back up the channel .
"the ak party s presidential candidate , foreign minister abdullah gul , is a former islamist ."
"germany s lufthansa technik and switzerland s jet aviation have announced their intention to convert the enormous airliner into a flying mansion replete with private bedrooms , a movie theater , and a gym fitted with saunas and jacuzzis ."
smith s tone in the entries veers between simple joy and deep seated unhappiness .
vaughan had predicted the wilkins shelf would collapse about 15 years from now .
oil and gold prices tumbled .
italy has refused to accept the us report s findings and is to publish its own version of events later this week .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"some 100 , 000 muslims have met in the indonesian capital , jakarta , to press for the re establishment of a caliphate across the muslim world ."
"the mri monitored their brain activity while the subjects strapped on goggles , through which they saw a book page or an internet search page ."
the killing came after the european union and the united nations expressed concerns about pre election violence in nepal .
correspondents say it was largely this anger that led to the dramatic election results over the weekend .
we know the race is not to the swift nor the battle to the strong .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
iran appears to bar some korean exports .
guseinov said specially trained negotiators have arrived on the scene to talk with the cult members .
there is an enormous understanding .
"the french design has so far only been tested in animals , and now needs approval from its authorities before pushing ahead with clinical trials ."
some japanese nationalist scholars and conservative lawmakers say the figures are inflated
roh made the instruction during a meeting with his senior aides at the presidential office .
"police in seoul monday detained 25 prostitutes , pimps and japanese tourists in a crackdown on internet based sex rings ."
korea has been often criticized for being too stingy in its spending to help poorer countries .
"amid international pressure following september s bloody crackdown on pro democracy demonstrations , myanmar s ruling junta named deputy minister of labor aung kyi as its liaison officer with the detained nobel laureate ."
"the pakistan people s party ppp is home to assassinated former prime minister benazir bhutto and is now led by her widower , asif ali zardari ."
the united states said it would scrap its 34 million payment to the u . n .
"and , even though he and mccain are both vietnam veterans , he opposes mccain s views on war and disagrees with the candidate s positions on iraq and afghanistan ."
he is surprised at how far relations have progressed .
"reports by a u . n . human rights expert and a fact finding commission appointed by the philippine president linking soldiers to the killings of left wing activists were one sided and unfair , government and military officials said ."
"obama displayed a steadiness , an intellectual curiosity , a depth of knowledge , powell said ."
jobless claims now at their highest levels in 7 years foreclosures were also up last month .
"iran plans to release a book and cd detailing the arrest and detention of 15 british sailors and marines whom tehran blames for illegally crossing into iranian waters , an iranian military spokesman said ."
"but the latest research published in the journal , proceedings for the national academy of sciences shows that scientists may have overcome the obstacle ."
"silver won a tony award , and was co founder of the creative coalition ."
"although it is the fourth largest crude oil producer in the world , iran lacks the capacity to refine all of its petroleum into gasoline for consumption ."
most of the political killings blamed on suharto took place in the 1960s .
"then , they and their guests were to party at vaux le vicomte , a 17th century chateau 34 miles southeast of paris ."
he was trained in the north as a spy who would be able to infiltrate the south but his first chance to return and begin the search came only through a defection three decades later .
"the protest began in front of national telecommunications commission headquarters after members of the national guard seized broadcast equipment , including antennas , the result of a supreme court order on friday ."
"but a lone star official denied the rumors , which surfaced just a month after another report had deutsche bank as lone star s agent in selling the korean bank ."
"officials said there are a number of private help centers , which provide such services for undocumented workers ."
oil and energy are expected to be on the agenda as mccain campaigns in california and sen . barack obama speaks in new mexico on monday .
in boxes are clogged daily with spam mail promising cheap and instant manliness delivered fast and in bulk .
"richie , 25 , was arrested early on december 11 after witnesses reported seeing her suv headed the wrong way on a freeway in burbank ."
"last week , new york based human rights watch raised doubts about the elections , saying it was likely to be deeply flawed ."
"flight jj3054 was coming to sao paulo from porto alegre in southern brazil , the airline said . watch scene after plane crashes in sao paulo raquo"
"there are teenagers wearing jeans and gym shoes and their bodies are twisted , cnn s john vause said , reporting from just outside the school . the expression on one girl s face was just pain she was dead ."
living in a cage in hong kong
colombia is the world s most dangerous country for labor organizing .
"at the age of just 23 , kim is the youngest player in the top 30 , and ended the year ranked an impressive 12th in the world ."
roaming players must point their handsets in the right direction to score .
"the unusual heavy rain caused huge material losses to the dprk , creating unprecedented difficulties in people s living and economic construction , the official kcna news agency said ."
"his trip coincides with the fifth anniversary of the u . s . led invasion of iraq , which has tainted the u . s . image in the mideast and changed the balance of power in the region ."
"the doctors should attempt to prevent force feeding by refusing to participate , the commentary s three authors write in wednesday s journal of the american medical association ."
"other tv winners included richard shepard for comedy directing on the pilot episode of ugly betty , jon cassar for drama directing for an episode of 24 , and chicago filmmaker rob marshall for musical variety directing for tony bennett"
"poor dental health is so prevalent that the number of lives saved by eliminating gum disease worldwide would definitely be in the hundreds of thousands , said dr . steven offenbacher , a university of north carolina research professor ."
it was all or nothing .
the paper said he would likely undergo an arthroscopic examination to determine the extent of the injury next week .
"her father is a drug addict , focused only on his next high her mom cares for the little ones , and heavy responsibility falls on banafsha s young shoulders ."
"in court papers filed monday , sophy said hilton is distraught and traumatized as a consequence of the findings at the may 4 hearing . . . and her fear of incarceration ."
he also dismissed allegations that he cannot be trusted to hold free and fair elections as totally absurd .
the center called his cell phone operator when his red clamshell mobile turned up there two weeks ago .
"in iraq , he said civilians were massacred in cold blood , while relief workers , journalists and others were taken hostage and put to death in the most barbarous fashion ."
"the day i m able to explain to you north korean thinking is probably the day i ve been in this process too long , he told reporters ."
"interfacing the node between virtual data and the sensory world , nabaztag fetches information from the internet , flashes lights on its nose and tummy , rotates its ears , sniffs rfid chips , speaks 36 languages and understands five ."
"you couldn t get a donation to save a cat in this town for the life of them , trively said ."
panmunjom was quiet when the ap visited this week .
"the robbers were under the influence of stimulants , said ramon rodriguez chacin , the venezuelan minister of the interior and justice ."
readapting to gravity was even tougher for teacher astronaut barbara morgan .
albert einstein was more than an einstein .
start with your friendly wired rabbit .
"further along in the process , members can participate in blending and bottling decisions and design their own labels ."
kazemi s lawyer will have the option of taking his case to the european court of human rights to request an interim measure that could allow kazemi to stay in europe until further notice .
"if you find your job hunt isn t giving you anything but a stress headache , ask yourself the following questions"
the government has appointed 54 officials to sit on the committee to draft the constitution .
"i am very confident how unified the democratic party is going to be to win in november , he said in a senate hallway wednesday ."
"and instead of a purse , she carried a makarov pistol in a holster beneath her loose jacket ."
maybe we will have a few periods once a month where the aurora can get a little bit more active .
the show begins at 9 p . m . et wednesday on e !
are you woody allen s new muse ?
"the g1 makes use of applications such as google maps , instant messaging through google talk , as well as high speed internet browsing and a 3 megapixel camera ."
"in the oaxacan community , such an agreement is normal and honorable , he said ."
"humbertson , wherever you are , you are the winner of miss belvedere , the rusty 1957 plymouth hauled from its leaky vault last week after being buried for a half century ."
"after two days of soaring stocks , markets in europe , asia and the u . s . fell with new york s dow jones suffering its second worst daily points decline ."
"the men were separated from the women and children , and taken to a shelter near a mosque , where a rebel commander known as rocky told the pastor to pray for his fellow captives before mowing them down with a machine gun ."
"the idea that these humans were escaping an eruption . . . is attractive , and is supported by the fact that all tracks have the same direction , outwards from the volcano s main crater , mietto said ."
"based on its brightness , astronomers are guessing that the object is 30 to 70 meters wide ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
they will split the 1 . 4 million prize .
more people in the technology and scientific community oppose it out of fear of government intrusion into privacy .
"it is just a non binding declaration and we have no plan to review our policy of allowing therapeutic cloning , the ministry s manager kim heon joo said ."
"branson said fossett s wife , peggy , had written to him to say she was returning to nevada for one final search but the likely fate of her husband was beginning to sink in ."
"amid growing speculation that other lg affiliates , such as lg engineering construction and lg petrochemical , will also refuse to accept the proposal , market observers say the creditors are not likely to take lenient steps to save the troubled card firm ."
you could call it korea bashing .
the south korean national intelligence agency nia admitted last week to seizing mr . kim while he was in japan .
"the boats were hailed and warned by a native arabic speaker using a bullhorn to warn them to turn away , the embassy statement said ."
their testimony contradicts simpson s assertions that he had no idea weapons were involved in the incident .
"the 10 plaintiffs include family of patients of the zhongshan university number three hospital in southern guangzhou city killed by tainted medicine , the china news service reported , citing guangzhou newspapers ."
"others have taken to white s music , as well his first cd single opened at number 4 in japan in its first week ."
flying with the flu ?
"reacting to claims by german carmakers that mandatory limits would cripple them and force them to shed european jobs and lose business to foreign rivals , he said this doom scenario was a myth ."
"he underwent treatment for the disease and was able to return to cycling , eventually winning seven consecutive tour de france races ."
the artifacts are so well preserved that the scientists can already retrace some of the battle lines .
"that would likely occur sunday , and into monday ."
"the text , the result of strenuous negotiations between who member states , is written in very general terms without defining what a fair distribution of vaccines or timely sample sharing actually means ."
"barack was , wright says in a video of the sermon posted on youtube . barack knows what it means to be a black man living in a country and a culture that is controlled by rich white people ."
"it s the second mercury flyby for messenger formally known as the mercury surface , space , environment , geochemistry and ranging craft ."
"if i were a pagan , i d worship here the sea , the wind and the chilling view ."
the items affected are go diego go animal rescue boat toys imported by fisher price .
"forty eight survivors have been found washed ashore in various places around sibuyan island , where the ferry was toppled by typhoon fengshen early saturday morning , said gilberto teodoro , who oversees philippine disaster response and was in washington coordinating with the u . s . government ."
rice called the efforts part of an iraqi led diplomatic offensive to build greater support for peace in iraq .
president roh moo hyun yesterday slammed japan for its provocative rhetoric suggesting possible pre emptive strikes on north korea in the wake of the latest missile crisis .
it was one of two shark attacks in australia on monday .
"there is a clear unity in the alliance that the mission in afghanistan must succeed , appathurai said ."
it is central to what it means to be human .
cattle on two additional sites that together make up the enterprise and animals on an adjacent farm were also culled .
the turner prize judges said wallinger s exhibit demonstrates art s unique ability to engage with contemporary political issues and managed to communicate an unpalatable political truth .
"the berlin zoo pulled out all the stops to fete its star attraction , who has gone from a fluffy white powderpuff of a cub to a full grown polar bear with a cheeky curiosity and a penchant for muddying his coat by rolling in the dirt ."
sharemarkets lost billions more in value thursday as shares continued to slump on fears a global recession is unavoidable .
"i am happy to be in your country to talk about the future , sarkozy wrote in a book at gaddafi s residence ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"on a clear day , the view from the saddle is magnificent ."
"the driver of the embassy vehicle suffered minor injuries , and the sole passenger walked away unscathed , u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack said . both were lebanese nationals , he said ."
and its top shareholder lg group over a bailout offer from a u . s . consortium .
republicans in the us senate have blocked a vote of no confidence in attorney general alberto gonzales .
"despite his commercial success , vonnegut battled depression throughout his life , and in 1984 , he attempted suicide with pills and alcohol ."
so one called 911 on his cell phone .
"at a press conference , sanrio co . president shintaro tsuji , whose company created the toy cat , called hello kitty s new appointment an honor and pledged the feline would work hard to attract many visitors ."
more than one million people are thought to have died between 1975 and 1979 under the brutal maoist regime .
but no instances of the disease will be routine for a long time
"of the eight players who remained in sunday s shootout for 1 million , shin was the only one to never have her total score rise above par ."
"lakeland , florida cnn about 50 cars crashed on a highway blanketed by fog and smoke from a brush fire in central florida on wednesday , and local officials said at least three people were killed ."
the planned law would have enabled some of the millions of illegal immigrants already living within the us to eventually seek citizenship .
"we don t want war , but we will not allow the north american empire which is the master and its sub president alvaro uribe and the colombian oligarchy to divide , to weaken us . we will not allow it ."
typhoon warning issued as nabi approaches southern korea .
u . s . light crude gained 38 cents to 64 . 96 a barrel in electronic trading .
he also filled his novels with satirical commentary and even drawings that were only loosely connected to the plot .
"the dow is off 22 , the nasdaq down 1 ."
youtube is a subsidiary of google inc .
he philippine military is under new pressure after a government backed commission linked some soldiers to a spate of political killings .
"every single one of those quotes came from the campaign of 1960 , when the the republicans attacked john fitzgerald kennedy for allegedly lacking the age and experience necessary to be president ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the parliamentary speaker , mahmoud al mashhadani , has called for an emergency session friday morning to show that the attack won t deter lawmakers , jabbar said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
the candidate resumed his campaign on october 25 .
"in north carolina , the new survey shows obama with a 13 point lead 47 34 percent , a margin that is consistent with other recent polls in that state ."
"the ministry of construction and transportation yesterday released the results of a survey of 1 , 000 adults nationwide on property policies , jointly conducted by the government information agency and market research company tns korea ."
"forces korea usfk , reaffirmed the provision of the u . s ."
"meanwhile , koreans who run their own businesses on average report only half of their earnings to tax authorities , economists said yesterday ."
"we don t want the american forces to take iraq as a field to attack iran or syria , the prime minister said ."
south korea had been asking the united states to put off the planned cutback to 2007 or possibly 2008 .
it also helps that one laptop per child has dropped its initial goal of getting each participating government to buy at least 1 million computers .
"northern vermont was under a winter storm warning , with a wintry mix of snow , sleet and freezing rain expected from late tuesday afternoon into wednesday , the weather service said ."
a lot of people died .
"but minority leader mitch mcconnell said demanding a withdrawal while u . s . commanders are claiming progress in pacifying the iraqi capital would hand a victory to the al qaeda terrorist network , which has taken root in iraq ."
three australians convicted of drug smuggling in indonesia have had death sentences commuted to life in prison .
"the upper end of that range would put sg344 on the level of the tunguska meteorite , which flattened a wide swath of siberian forest in 1908 ."
"he ll be free , though , to return to the united states , because he s a citizen ."
"varying the speed , intensity and style can help ."
"i took good care of myself , the way he wanted me to , baines said ."
or the black pearl surfing through the sand on the back of a million crustaceans .
and it s inspiring american women to emulate her style .
"because myanmar s government exercises tight control of news within the country , exile groups are often the only source of information about what is happening inside ."
the death toll is the highest for us personnel in a single attack in iraq since april 10th .
"some 30 public organizations come under the ministry of culture , sports and tourism , including the korea culture and content agency and the korean film council ."
"terrorism analyst peter bergen told cnn that it is the u . s . military position that al qaeda forces are , in fact , operating out of pakistan , where they have built new training camps ."
"visitors are stunned into submission by the forbidden city , the great wall and tiananmen square , then quickly shuttled to buying sprees at the pearl market or silk street ."
"in april , 2005 , eric robert rudolph pleaded guilty to the bombing ."
world bank president paul wolfowitz admitted thursday he made a mistake and apologized for his handling of the promotion and pay increase of his girlfriend and staffer shaha riza .
"anna nicole smith wanted to be buried in the bahamas , next to her son , and bought a burial plot there , according to attorneys for her longtime companion , howard k . stern ."
"eight candidates are running , including prime minister jose ramos horta , a nobel peace prize winner who spearheaded an overseas campaign for independence from indonesia ."
"clinton and obama have scheduled a joint campaign appearance friday in unity , new hampshire ."
the two followed a more general warning at the start of the month .
"it was only when he had flown into cardiff from toronto , canada , and rang the bridegroom seeking details of the venue that he discovered the wedding was in 2008 ."
"this is the course in which you learn how to keep people working together , even when they don t want to ."
"the mehdi army cease fire that has been credited with helping to reduce violence in iraq since august could end soon , a spokesman for the radical cleric who heads the shiite militia said wednesday ."
"after lengthy talks with the bank s board , wolfowitz said he would quit the global lending body on 30 june ."
"sands said four dogs , the largest weighing nearly 200 pounds , were being quarantined as part of an investigation into the attack ."
"i am really proud of myself , she said . i am playing with a lot of confidence and i played some good tennis this week ."
labor has only 19 seats in israel s 120 seat legislature .
dupre or spitzer are accused of any crime .
"as an added precaution , the spacewalkers were advised not to point any nonessential lights at the solar wing in question to prevent power generation ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"kang kyung keun of soongsil university , seoul told the korea times that the alternative legislation , not a revision bill , was inevitable as the current law was lax in coping with new media environment ."
there was one catch fans had 24 hours to go the web site and print out the coupon .
the money was supposedly part of 100 million won chung took from busan based constructor kim sang jin in return for influence peddling in august last year .
living in a cage in hong kong
"a court in the northeastern city of shenyang convicted yang of all charges , including the illegal use of agricultural land , contract fraud , forgery of financial documents and offering and taking bribes , according to an assistant to his defense lawyer ."
it also creates new quality standards for the alternative fuel .
scientists map dna of prehistoric animal
ford acknowledged that some of the group s 213 registered members may not be ready for the auction block .
the 2010 games will be in the chinese city of guangzhou .
harry is supposed to have made the remarks in 2006 in an airport departure lounge as soldiers waited to go on a training exercise .
"wednesday night , however , it s our turn"
more than 60 percent of the company s revenue is derived from exports .
"twenty years ago , the plaza in front of seoul city hall was filled with tens of thousands of protesters risking tear gas and injury to fight for a democratic future ."
"i didn t hesitate , after meeting him , bruni said in her first interview since becoming first lady ."
the democrats co wrote the letter with the major opposition labor party .
"at a campaign stop at a general motors corp . plant in youngstown , ohio , the senator from new york accused obama of caving in to special interests ."
"the bank s announcement , which followed last month s 1 . 5 percentage point cut , came as new figures showed uk house prices dropped at their fastest monthly rate for 16 years in november and new car sales were down 37 percent ."
drugs that are not provided by aid organizations or the government cost a patient 29 per month .
"pittsburgh , pennsylvania ap a 4 year old boy lay on an operating table in pittsburgh a few weeks ago with a tumor that had eaten into his brain and the base of his skull ."
"the blast , at an oil refinery in paramount , california , caused hundreds of thousands of dollars in damage , but only one worker was hurt , and that wasn t all that serious ."
the long ride for the cowboy is over on dancing with the stars .
mohamed el baradei said n . k . had time to secure enough plutonium .
"the two mode system got a lot of buzz late last year at the los angeles auto show , where the hybrid chevrolet tahoe was named the 2008 green car of the year by the green car journal ."
the newspaper reported that north korea is also likely to repeat demands for a lifting of u . s . financial sanctions and to be taken off the list of terrorist sponsor countries when the six party talks reconvene .
"in africa demand for water has shrunk lake chad by 95 percent since the 1960s , leaving only sand and scrub ."
a stronger open this morning
"awards at the festival include best documentary , animation , music video , broadcast design and newcomer ."
"her uk label , island records , issued a statement saying , we are deeply disappointed and upset by these latest revelations and are doing everything we can to offer amy our full support in dealing with her problems ."
"at age 8 , she was sent from the cotton fields of south carolina by her mother to live with her aunt in new york city s harlem neighborhood , the site said ."
kosovo infuriated serbia by declaring its independence last month .
"but the council now has decided to hold off on a decision while its attorney researches whether the proposal conflicts with a state law that pre empts local anti tobacco ordinances , gartner said ."
there also were reports that electors had been threatened .
"this is a fair , evenhanded treatment of tom cruise s life , morton said tuesday on nbc s today show . he s a man who deserves attention ."
he noted that the content of gadahn s message is nothing new .
the reports underline the continuing social awkwardness of charles very public liaison with a woman he says he has no plans to marry .
since founding motech solar eight years ago tsuo estimates the solar electricity industry has grown by an average 40 percent to 50 percent a year .
"when someone of that stature , with that history of great songs behind him with such a huge catalog asks you to sing something he s written , there s nothing you can do but be completely honored to perform , dillon said in a statement ."
"the people who live in new delhi s slums are some of the city s maids , drivers , street vendors and day laborers ."
"it belonged to a queen . hawass said he believes the pyramid belongs to queen sesheshet , who is thought to have played a significant role in establishing the 6th dynasty and uniting two branches of the feuding royal family ."
fatima bhutto was estranged from her aunt and had not spoken to her since benazir bhutto returned to the nation for pakistani elections .
"christopher campbell , a former olympic wrestler who has dissented in several arbitration panel rulings against athletes , accused anti doping organizations of behaving as if they are above the law ."
"at first we were very perplexed , but we subsequently looked for more information about cholla on the web and the jury decided to accept his application by considering his prestige in the usa ."
a possible roadblock for the auto bailout
flying with the flu ?
david wildt with the smithsonian s national zoological park in washington says scientists in wolong have overcome threats to the giant panda population before .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
newcastle owner mike ashley has abandoned his attempt to sell the premier league club after failing to find a buyer .
fitzgerald said the government had bugged the governor s campaign office and placed a tap on his home phone .
"we can say that the relations are normalized after the ups and downs you all know about , said spanish foreign minister miguel angel moratinos , who appeared at a madrid news conference with rice ."
"the move , which was first triggered in june by a utah based health food company for consumer awareness , has stirred controversy that it may promote racism ."
"casinos , theme parks , and bollywood films or a mix of historic sites and local culture ?"
a senior aide to embattled world bank president paul wolfowitz has announced his resignation .
"the trips take between three and four hours , with two hours in the water"
"the emergency order was lifted six weeks later , but none of the justices were reinstated ."
we won t be doing that experiment again for a long time .
"more than 20 female suicide bombers have carried out attacks in iraq this year , a number much higher than in previous years ."
"james monroe , andrew jackson , john tyler , james k . polk and zachary taylor all owned slaves while they were in office ."
malaysia s opposition parties performed well in the general election in march .
i would never play around with her life .
"david beckham will join italy s ac milan for two months next year to get in shape for forthcoming matches with the english national team , the serie a club and beckham s agent said on wednesday ."
"durham , north carolina cnn 8212 sen . edward kennedy was released monday from duke university medical center in north carolina after recovering from brain surgery , cnn has learned ."
flying with the flu ?
"in an interview on abc s this week , pelosi adds that any future federal bailout money for financial institutions should include the government getting an ownership stake in those companies ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"but how do you know when you re using it constructively , and when you ve gone off on a medical wild goose chase ?"
"several of her doctors , all of them smiling , described her recovery over the past week very steady and good progress , one saying she is out of the woods as far as serious medical issues are concerned ."
the enduring salty dog of amusement parks turns 100 this year .
"han , who arrived in beijing on monday for a two day visit , was also to meet wu bangguo , chairman of the standing committee of the national people s congress , and a group of south korean businesspeople operating in china before returning home tuesday evening ."
"the u . s . state department has also warned people traveling to thailand to exercise caution , especially in locations where westerners congregate ."
so sharp is the decline that governments from the region are scrambling to protect their traditional fare from becoming an endangered species .
"although small amounts of onions and garlic are often used in pet foods and treats to add flavor , ingestion of large amounts can cause severe red blood cell damage"
"south korea had regularly sent aid to the impoverished north until last july , when pyongyang test fired a series of missiles , prompting a halt in shipments ."
the three judge panel delivered the verdict as most of the defendants watched from wooden benches in a glass enclosed area of the courtroom .
"i ve always been interested in people . it s part of being a novelist , really , part of the job , she said ."
"in the nation s capital , security was heightened following recent attempted car bombings in britain ."
secretary of state hillary clinton says the us troop withdrawal will not be an end to the us relationship with an evolving iraq
"russian media reported that for every person he killed , he placed a coin on a chess board and that he had been planning to cover all 64 squares on the board ."
aig says it was contractually required to pay out the money .
"according to schneider , the main reason giuliani does better than thompson in head to head matchups is that he s better known ."
"the government of neighboring thailand said myanmar s leaders had already requested food , medical supplies and construction equipment , ap reported ."
"stocks are mixed , after comments by fed chairman ben bernanke that if the bank bailout program is a success , the recession would probably end this year ."
"in another sermon , wright had said america had brought the september 11 attacks upon itself ."
"to set the instrument to a particular tuning , the user pulls a knob , turns it to the desired style , indicated with a blue light , and then pushes the knob back in ."
the web site bringmadeleinehome . com was launched on may 9 and it changed to findmadeleine . com on wednesday .
japan s governing party has announced it will choose a successor to abe on september 23rd .
"the debate broadcast in spanish on univision is his chance to break through that firewall , schneider said ."
"it always turns out completely different than it looks in the viewpoint , she said ."
"according to the defense ministry , a convoy , more than 10 kilometers long , crossed the kuwait iraq border on sept . guarded by u . s . and british armored vehicles , korean troops traveled aboard 394 vehicles ."
"now , experts are warning that photocopiers could be a culprit as well ."
"last month he became the longest living us president when he reached 93 years and 122 days , passing the record held by ronald reagan ."
"a poll shows that 34 percent of first year army cadets called the united states the main enemy of south korea , the korea times quotes a former superintendent of the korea military academy as saying ."
"since i ve started my struggle for human rights in afghanistan , for women s rights , these criminals , these drug smugglers , they ve stood against me from the first time i raised my voice at the loya jirga , she said , referring to the constitution drafting constitution held several years ago ."
"new york cnn every year , doctors write approximately 65 million prescriptions for drugs not yet approved by the u . s . food and drug administration , the federal agency that regulates prescription drugs ."
you might be able to ask a question about the economy and have barack obama answer it online tomorrow .
"i , robert gabriel mugabe , do swear that i will well and truly serve zimbabwe in the office of president , so help me god , mugabe said at the state house complex in harare , standing before a red robed judge wearing a white wig ."
"terrorism and healthcare rounded out the top four , garnering 9 each ."
"at orientations and events , the campus police regularly set up a table to promote campus safety and gave away pens with emergency numbers on them . help never seemed far away ."
"in a seminar hosted by the korean economic association in seoul , experts said that unless there is a wholesale restructuring of the country s fundamentals , it is inadvisable to push for expansion that exceeds national growth potential ."
"in the newspaper interview , he said there was no reason to think that races which had grown up in separate geographical locations should have evolved identically ."
flying with the flu ?
"when he said something over the police radio , he was calm and what he said was well thought out ."
"france s right wing presidential candidate nicolas sarkozy has lost his lead over his main rival , socialist segolene royal , and the two will now go neck and neck into the second round runoff , an opinion poll showed on monday ."
"cnn choking back tears , the president of east timor said goodbye wednesday to the australian hospital staff who took care of him for five weeks following an assassination attempt at home ."
"dida has made a mistake but his error did not hinder anyone , not celtic , nor any player , said galliani ."
"the ruling party of pakistan s pervez musharraf admitted defeat in parliamentary elections tuesday , and one senior opposition leader said it was now time for the president to step down ."
"the arrest last week of 38 year old staff sgt . tyrone luther hadnott in the alleged rape of a 14 year old girl in okinawa has sparked outrage in japan , which is host to some 50 , 000 u . s . troops under a security treaty ."
samarra is a predominantly sunni town about 66 miles 110 kilometers north of baghdad .
the gnp is scheduled to complete legal action by wednesday .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
flying with the flu ?
"one of the caskets even bears the title , judah , son of jesus , hinting that jesus may have had a son , according to the film . watch why it could be any mary , jesus and joseph in those boxes"
the dutch national railway company apologized last year for its role in deporting thousands of jews to nazi concentration camps .
the white house did not say where the first lady will undergo the procedure .
"he doesn t demand attention , he commands it ."
"soldiers ordered everyone out of the car , the official said ."
he is awaiting approval from lawyers on whether the plan violates privacy laws .
draft likely to be reduced
"the title of the new indiana jones movie , directed by steven spielberg and starring harrison ford , has been revealed ."
she said two explosive devices were inside the parcel one detonated and the other did not .
"it gives at least a glimmer of hope that when we re looking at the 1st and 2nd quarter of 2009 , the rate of decline may significantly continue to decelerate ."
"he and his pregnant wife , mariane , a reporter for french public radio , celebrated the new year in the sprawling city of karachi , pakistan , a nexus for gunrunners and drug smugglers dirt poor and decidedly dangerous ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"navy capt . lisa nowak s detail as a nasa astronaut will be terminated , effective thursday , nasa and the u . s . navy said wednesday in a written statement issued jointly ."
"a123systems , a spinout of research from the massachusetts institute of technology , said it would produce the batteries at a new facility in michigan ."
"it was airborne for less than three minutes , she said ."
the report also said the economic benefits could actually exceed the costs in many cases .
the trial made headlines when the 63 year old soprano testified she watched a farnham concert on dvd and was disturbed by what she saw .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"loneliness we see to be much more like hunger , thirst and pain than a personality factor per se , cacioppo told cnn . it s something everybody has , everybody has the capacity to feel that way , and it serves to call attention to a real biological need ."
"about 2 . 5 million american children and 1 . 5 million adults take medication for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or adhd , according to government estimates ."
"the change also will boost flagging consumption , spur regional tourism and help local economies as city dwellers head for the country to enjoy nature s beauty ."
"the truth is , though , this story might have worked better told from a different perspective ."
"in return for playing the role , new line cinema offered the scottish actor up to 15 percent of worldwide box office receipts , which would have earned connery more than any actor had ever been paid for a single role"
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the head of cycling s world governing body opposes retesting further samples to check for the blood boosting drug found among four tour de france riders .
south korean security specialists will be dispatched to kirkuk .
"they also raided seven other places including the homes of five lone star officials including yoo hoe won , ceo of lone star advisor korea , and chung huh joo , representative of hudson advisor korea , and hudson advisor s document storehouse in paju , kyonggi province ."
the defendants all from london denied charges of conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause explosions .
"the rate is used to set rates for a wide variety of consumer loans , including credit cards , and many business loans ."
fears for delay of iraqi new constitution .
"prime minister kevin rudd apologised in parliament to all aborigines for laws and polices that inflicted profound grief , suffering and loss ."
"the u . s . defense department accidentally shipped ballistic missile components to taiwan , the pentagon said tuesday ."
"critics said her september 9 comeback performance on the mtv video music awards was lackluster and said she appeared overweight in her sequined , two piece costume ."
"according to the assets examination committee , the pair set up a company in the british virgin islands called ample rich as part of a scheme to avoid paying taxes on the sale ."
"the dead include women and children , the group said in an e mail , adding they were killed by chinese police attempting to stop the protests ."
"i appreciate his endorsement , and i appreciate his service to our country , said mccain , adding that he wanted bush at his side as much as possible on the campaign trail ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the powerful blast ripped the front off the shop and shattered car windows on the busy street outside .
"the new 007 movie quantum of solace opens today in the u . s . , picking up where casino royale left off ."
"meanwhile , ban s office called on the regime to cooperate with a u . n . envoy , ibrahim gambari , due to be urgently dispatched to the troubled southeast asian country ."
"both iraqi leaders and leaders in the kurdish regional government have been under pressure to crack down on the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , a rebel group that has triggered a border crisis along iraq s northern border with turkey ."
"on main street , the homebuilding sector has not seen any of the 700 billion come through the pipeline in the form of acquisition development and construction , or mortgage loans ."
"the gop leadership consists of minority leader mitch mcconnell of kentucky , assistant minority leader trent lott of mississippi , conference chairman jon kyl of arizona , policy committee chair kay bailey hutchison of texas , and senatorial committee chair john ensign of nevada ."
"shiny chrome was still visible around the doors and front fender , and workers were able to put air in the tires . i ll tell you what , she s a mess ."
"holly hunter is well known for playing women teetering on the edge be it the wacky babynapper in raising arizona , the high strung producer in broadcast news or her oscar winning role as the mute bride in the piano ."
"unfortunately , they ve decided to go it alone ."
"it has been equipped with larger wheels than the usual tgv to cover more ground with each rotation and a stronger , 25 , 000 horsepower engine , said alain cuccaroni , in charge of the technical aspects of testing ."
"shops opened on monday for the first time since the disaster , and fishermen are selling their catch in the town s market ."
"a central message from the study is that there needs to be more dialogue about sex in the media , particularly among parents and their children , said anita chandra , the study s lead author and a behavioral scientist at rand ."
"others repeatedly sprayed free tibet in red paint on the embassy walls and the main gate before many of the demonstrators were forcibly taken away by indian police , according to an associated press photographer at the scene ."
to close a means of communication is an inexcusable monstrosity .
the dow jones industrial average plummeted 361 points on wednesday due to credit market fears the fifth largest decline this year .
living in a cage in hong kong
presidential nominee lee myung bak of the main opposition grand national party gnp tuesday indicated that he wants reform of his conservative party .
"the artists are rehearsing for cambodia s first known contemporary rock opera , where elephants weep , which makes its world debut friday in phnom penh ."
"other relics include coins depicting the late second century roman emperor commodus , depicted in the oscar winning hollywood epic gladiator ."
the 24 year old is now being questioned by police investigators and may face disciplinary action before being sent back to duty .
"his remarks came as seoul and washington reconfirmed on monday that they will seek a resumption of the denuclearization talks without north korea , if pyongyang continues boycotting the multilateral dialogue ."
"the couple has donated 1 million to help kids affected by the war in iraq , the education partnership for children of conflict announced wednesday ."
"two coast guard cutters are also headed for the area , but both are at least a day away , he said ."
the bbc is reporting an investigation into fraud allegations against a leading south korean presidential candidate has been reopened just days before the vote .
iraq s central government is concerned these gunmen might turn into armed militias if the u . s . pulls out and civil war erupts .
"satan saw my husband as a threat , eva mauldin told houston television station khou tv ."
"they may be reluctant , but kids in locust grove , georgia , can give up their trick or treat loot for some cold , hard cash ."
"during that time , prosecutors will evaluate the police investigation and determine whether to ask a judge to charge almeida ."
"chinese premier wen jiabao on monday pledged greater support for education and health care over the next year and said the government would tackle sources of social unrest such as environmental problems , land seizures and privatization of state industries ."
"he is also accused of involvement in the 2005 killing of mining magnate brett kebble , according to south african media reports ."
"the street culminates with maidan nezalezhnosti , or independence square , where ukrainians made history in 2004 by staging the peaceful orange revolution that overturned a fraudulent election and brought a pro western opposition leader to power ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"under the plan , four star generals of both militaries will still head their respective commands , they said on condition of anonymity ."
"a consortium led by royal bank of scotland plc won the battle for abn amro holding nv monday , as the largest takeover ever in the financial industry came a step closer to completion ."
"impotence is not a primary focus in traditional chinese medicine , but the price that men are willing to pay for a cure is significant ."
asked what she thought about her sentencing she said it was a very delicate area .
"the fbi has found networks of zombie computers being used to spread spam , steal ids and attack websites ."
ferguson decided to switch things around four minutes later and brought on nani and tevez for giggs and scholes .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"there were no immediate reports of damage or fatalities , a spokeswoman for the seismological network said ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"few tourists or residents had expected much trouble , but they woke to dangerous winds , closed airports and forecasts of a direct hit ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"that s why nasa is aiming for the planet s high northern latitudes , where ice is almost certainly lurking just beneath the surface ."
uganda declared a state of emergency thursday in the worst flood affected areas of the country as humanitarian workers tried to reach villages that have been cut off by water .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
senator clinton can t claim to be vetted until she allows the public the opportunity to see her finances particularly with respect to any investment in tax shelters .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2749771
"a second group of about 240 korean defectors temporarily hiding out in a southeast asian country arrived in seoul yesterday , completing an airlift of about 470 defectors which had been in the works for more than two months ."
the change comes after a recent letter from pope benedict to chinese catholics seeking reconciliation .
"the head of us forces in iraq , lt gen david petraeus , has told the bbc that fighting the insurgency is a long term endeavor which could take decades ."
"germany has made every effort to reflect on its past , but japan s effort is not enough , lee told reporters before attending a policy briefing session of the fair trade commission at chong wa dae ."
"the final 3 , 600 word announcement endorsed several stimulative measures , including interest rate cuts by central banks around the globe or potential economic stimulus packages ."
"the u . s . military said it has captured 39 militia fighters and killed several in the diwaniya fighting , which began friday and has been dubbed operation black eagle ."
many voters expressed fear of government retaliation if they did not take part in the vote to extend mugabe s rule .
there are reports there may be a video of the woman falling overboard .
"five fire engines are protecting the archaeological museum , which houses sculptures from the temple of zeus and artefacts from the ancient olympics , and anti fire systems have been switched on , according to the secretary general of the culture ministry , christos zahopoulos ."
"however , boyer said french law did cover copies of the newspaper printed in france and"
"canberra , australia ap almost half the members of australia s parliament signed a letter to the democrat dominated u . s . congress appealing for help repatriating the lone australian terror suspect held at guantanamo bay , officials said friday ."
"in december 2004 , a massive earthquake struck off indonesia s sumatra island and triggered a tsunami that killed more than 230 , 000 people , including 131 , 000 people in indonesia s aceh province alone ."
"it s the first university appointment the winner of the 1989 nobel peace prize has accepted , the university said ."
his trip home was less fun
fifa will give any penalties for n . k crowds uncontrolled behavior .
"london , england cnn exactly a decade to the day since diana , princess of wales , was killed in a car crash in paris , her youngest son prince harry said friday he wants his mother to be remembered for the way she made us and so many other people happy ."
"tehran , iran cnn iran has reached its long sought goal of running 3 , 000 centrifuges to enrich uranium for its nuclear program , iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad announced sunday in a report on state media ."
north korea scored twice in her absence .
"the incident is being investigated by police , canada s national police complaints commission and by the coroner , cbc news reported ."
two parties won the majority of national assembly seats in the february 18 parliamentary election .
"in his first few months in office , the french leader has been at pains to show he is an ally of the united states , backing president bush s hard line stance on iran s nuclear program and attempting to heal the wounds over his country s opposition to the iraq war ."
"to help the government , to help the rule of law , to help the civil society ."
"her death adds to a growing list of men and women who have been accused of sorcery and then tortured or killed in the south pacific island nation , where traditional beliefs hold sway in many regions ."
the governor of illinois has been arrested on federal charges .
she told allure magazine during an interview for its may issue that she decided to enter the secluded wonderland center at the suggestion of her therapist .
indeed the 79 year old pennsylvanian says he disagrees with obama on lots of things
"this is a full windows xp computer that fits in your pocket , said colin hunter , executive vice president of oqo ."
"papers will be on newsstands every day , and the papers online offerings will be expanded , he said ."
"marchers joined the protest from kufa to neighboring najaf , as iraqi police watched ,"
a date for a hearing to confirm the charges is among the items on monday s agenda .
there is a lot of anger on capitol hill over word that troubled insurance giant aig paid out millions in executive bonuses .
a weeklong standoff between pakistani security forces and the students has left at least 86 people dead .
"an 800 member election committee , considered partial to the chinese government , makes the selection ."
"harry was welcomed home by his father and brother saturday , a day after he was quickly withdrawn from deployment ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the presumptive republican presidential candidate spoke at an environmental roundtable at cedar river watershed education center in north bend , washington ."
"radcliffe s tight victories in 2004 and 2007 , the world record holder pulled away from ludmila petrova in the 36th kilometer to win comfortably in two hours , 23 minutes , 55 seconds ."
"it was the first championship on clay for the 20 year old sharapova , who had been 0 3 in previous showings ."
"peace largely returned with the arrival of nearly 3 , 000 international peacekeepers , but there has been sporadic unrest ."
"cnn s harris whitbeck was at the scene of the crash wednesday . the building that the plane hit is a concrete structure that looks like it was literally blown out , whitbeck reported ."
the clericus cup will run through june and most games will be played at a vatican soccer pitch in rome .
"helmsley , who was reviled as the queen of mean , was 87 ."
public support for the war in iraq has fallen to a new low .
living in a cage in hong kong
he said winehouse s medication made her ill and her doctors asked her to come in so they could investigate .
"the us military cannot account for 190 , 000 ak 47 assault rifles and pistols given to the iraqi security forces , an official us report says ."
lieberfarb believes that the dvd has a window of opportunity to implant itself on the public psyche before networks rule the world .
"israel s attack on lebanon will not resolve the problems , but will only lead to a vicious cycle of retaliation , they said in a statement ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"as the first president elect with a facebook page and a youtube channel , barack obama is poised to use the internet to communicate directly with americans in a way unknown to previous presidents ."
their monthly house payments will be based on applicants income and subsidized by funds raised by pitt s foundation .
"a respected shiite cleric from southern lebanon , ali amin , criticized the shiite backed opposition parties , hezbollah and amal , for failing to strike a deal with the government ."
us president george bush met and endorsed the sheikh last week in iraq .
"as he accepted his first oscar , bardem , one of spain s top actors , thanked his directors ."
"a 19 month old toddler from queensland also was receiving medical help after eating the beads , the state s chief health officer , jeannette young , told the australian broadcasting corp ."
"and betina joteva , spokesperson of the bulgarian permanent representation to the eu , said in comments reported by euobserver . com it the work is preposterous , a disgrace . it is a humiliation for the bulgarian nation and an offence to our national dignity ."
i do think now that chrysler has a very bright future .
"the south korean government confirmed monday night that taliban militants had released two sick female korean hostages , 37 year old kim gyeong ja and kim ji na , who is 32 , and that they were in the hands of korean officials in ghazni ."
"portland , oregon cnn picking a christmas tree is typically a matter of taste ."
"greyhounds represent the bulk of the donors , and with good reason because they typically have a universal blood type that any dog can receive ."
he arrived monday for his third visit to the war torn nation since being confirmed as pentagon chief .
"regional health officials reported the findings to spain s national network that monitors mad cow disease and to a european monitoring network based in edinburgh , scotland , she said ."
paterson became governor last spring after then gov . eliot spitzer was forced to resign amid a sex scandal .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn at least 20 people were killed and 50 others were wounded tuesday in three suicide bombings in the eastern pakistani city of lahore , a high ranking police official told cnn ."
"a so called sunrise period , where companies can reserve domains to match their trademarks , has been ongoing since october ."
caroline kennedy says she s best for the job
"his top priority is spending time with his fiancee , jennifer meyer , and their 5 month old daughter , ruby sweetheart . but work wise ?"
"however , condon said he was off work for nearly four weeks during that period because he had been injured in a serious auto accident ."
"however , it did concede that while a lockdown might have helped protect some students and teachers it would probably have been ineffective in stopping cho , who had started on a mission of fulfilling a fantasy of revenge ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"he also whacked jones 18 year old cousin , michael jones or master mormi hehol bruising his thigh , in the march 25 incident ."
we were unable to go anywhere .
"it is in our strategic interest that we support democracy in our neighborhood , and it s in our strategic interest and our economic interest that the united states congress passes this free trade agreement with colombia , bush said in his speech from california ."
"overall , the more alcohol consumed , the smaller the brain volume , with abstainers having a higher brain volume than former drinkers , light drinkers one to seven drinks per week , moderate drinkers eight to 14 drinks per week , and heavy drinkers 14 or more drinks per week ."
"visibly furious , veterinarian fissiha gebre ab turned to other farmers and their beasts of burden nearby with a harsh admonition don t you know the saying that a farmer without a donkey is a donkey , because he has to carry the burden himself ?"
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"as the world s top business , economic and political leaders meet in davos , switzerland , police in geneva had to use tear gas to break up a bottle throwing crowd of protesters ."
"the statement which , unlike a resolution , requires the consent of all 15 council members to be adopted was issued by ghana s un ambassador leslie christian , the council s president ."
"the armistice ending the great war came into effect at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month , and the day has since been used to remember all war dead ."
"now harpo is taking that demand and putting it online , launching theoprahstore . com friday ."
the white house said karzai and musharraf had already greeted each other with handshakes before the reception .
"john moore , a photographer for getty images , said bhutto was standing through the sunroof of her vehicle , waving to supporters , when two shots rang out ."
rangers regain contact with war threatened gorillas
"previously this animal had been known only by a few teeth and bones , but a skull had never been found ."
dick cheney became testy last week when cnn s wolf blitzer asked him what he thought of conservatives who are critical of his daughter s pregnancy .
"new york cnn amy winehouse won t be performing at the mtv video music awards , or anywhere else in the united states anytime soon ."
british foreign secretary margaret beckett said in january that the united kingdom was unlikely to send any more troops to iraq .
"carl johnson , a family friend , told the associated press he saw the bloody trail left by terry caffey who dragged himself to a neighbor s house ."
and there are some radical new ideas being developed for future air and spaceports .
the growth rate of consumer prices trailed the rate of growth among property prices last month in the five districts .
prosecutors have called it the biggest spying case since the two koreas began a process of reconciliation in 2000 .
"the talks and dialogue are going on to persuade the taliban to release the hostages . . . and no incident has happened to the hostages , said deputy interior minister munir mangal , who also heads a government team tasked to release the christian captives ."
"the relocation of the u . s . base in yongsan , seoul , is likely to be postponed until 2013 because of a delay in the construction schedule , government sources said wednesday ."
the leaders of the democrat controlled us congress signed the controversial bill earlier tuesday .
an earlier formulation of such military tribunals was declared unconstitutional last year by the supreme court .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
farming careers are drying up as surely as sun parched crops in this year s drought in the southeast .
"in recent months , pakistan has been besieged by a wave of suicide attacks that has claimed several hundred lives ."
president lee started the first day of his u . s . visit by encouraging a group of korean americans there .
"korea and the u . s . are engaged in a heated debate over pending issues including agriculture , telecommunications and intellectual property rights ."
"german chancellor angela merkel will visit south korea in july on the first leg of her trip to northeast asian countries , an official at the korean german chamber of commerce and industry kgcci said monday ."
"it really is an incredibly dense , very carefully researched collection , thomas venning , director in christie s books department and a specialist in signed letters , told reuters ."
"once it was determined that no enemy aircraft were in the sky , it did not investigate further ."
"the protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated ."
"another basra airstrike killed 16 criminal fighters , and a joint u . s . iraqi patrol killed 13 more fighters in southeastern baghdad s suwayrah district , u . s . commanders reported ."
"the deal , apparently concluded in july in moscow , is contained in a letter of protocol ."
"taliban militants in afghanistan have delivered a revised list of their comrades to be freed from prisons to the afghan government for a possible hostage for prisoner swap deal to end the prolonged ordeal of the 22 south korean hostages , an afghan source said sunday ."
"the suspect , in his early 50s , was arrested on suspicion of trying to hijack the plane , interfax reported ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the system sends the messages using a so called please call me pcm service .
the shermans want a jury trial and 3 million in damages .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"at least 30 others were wounded , he said ."
the accusation was dismissed by mrs clinton s campaign manager maggie williams .
"such an incident should not occur , as the airport area has tight security ."
but the show s organizers said the show is being canceled due to circumstances far beyond our control .
"the letter faxed to u . s . house of representatives speaker nancy pelosi asking for congress to intervene to ensure that former kangaroo skinner david hicks is not tried by a military commission at the u . s . naval base in cuba was signed by 96 senators and members of the australian house of representatives , opposition parties said ."
"another is to replace tobacco with herbs like coltsfoot , a common plant that looks like a dandelion and that smokers describe as tasting a bit like oregano ."
no one was reported to be in critical condition .
an interim report issued wednesday by independent board members of the french bank societe generale has concluded that a trader working alone was responsible for amassing trading losses that exceeded 7 . 2 billion .
"it s a fundamental question , said tarter , the real life inspiration for jodie foster s character in the 1997 movie contact ."
"communist china has punished more than 17 , 500 officials in the first eight months of this year on corruption charges , according to official state news agency xinhua ."
"at the meeting , south korean unification minister lee jae joung pressed the north to implement a february 13 pledge made with the u . s . and four other countries to take initial steps to disarm ."
"us secretary of state colin powell , widely respected in a world often weary of america s superpower diplomacy , resigned on monday ."
"pacemakers are designed to boost slow heart rhythms , and when exposed to magnets , they may deliver signals that tell the heart to beat faster , whether it needs to or not ."
"high food and , until recently , energy prices have also pinched extra spending money ."
the number of people killed in friday s clashes remained in dispute .
"australian cherie nowlan gave us the family comedy introducing the dwights , and zoe cassavetes followed in the footsteps of father john cassavetes with her first feature , the indie broken english ."
the couple have six weeks and a day from that hearing before the divorce becomes final .
action against militias in the ivory coast and the democratic republic of congo was also considered .
"the frenchman , who has won a string of matches on grass , including a challenger tournament in london at the same time as he was qualifying for queen s , looked much more at ease on the surface than the 26 year old former wimbledon champion ."
"gates said the group which included defense ministers from canada , britain , australia , the netherlands , denmark and romania talked mostly about how to better coordinate their military and civilian activities , including the reconstruction efforts ."
"the film follows retired university professor craig ewert during the last four days of his life in 2006 , when he visited a swiss clinic with his wife , mary , in order to die ."
"this isn t surprising considering that men support the porn industry and women spend their lives trying to look good for men , says dr . fisher ."
"i would be proud to meet him as anyone else . she and her late husband , prominent dentist dr . albert cooper , raised four children in her house ."
"iraq had been a divisive issue for our party and our country , brown said ."
"when the athenians finally wanted not to give to society , he wrote , but the society to give to them ."
"in his weekly radio and online speech , the president calls on the american people to pay tribute to veterans on memorial day"
others expect to see him sitting in the first lady s box at the state of the union address .
"romance fraud is a process , often taking place over several months , sluppick said ."
"that s where we can provide safe , nutritious and affordable foods for consumers ."
"the foreign office says there remains a possibility of further violence , with the political situation in thailand very uncertain ."
the result leaves sevilla in 12th position and osasuna in 13th in the table .
"expropriations and house demolitions proceeded inexorably through the rabin , peres , netanyahu and barak administrations , along with the expansion and multiplication of settlements , military occupation continuing and every tiny step taken toward palestinian sovereignty stymied , delayed , canceled at israel s will ."
"rudd said he would overturn a number of his predecessor s policies , including signing the kyoto protocol and pulling troops out of iraq ."
"hough , interviewed at the prison , would not confirm that he takes the furniture across the border ."
"recovery times vary depending on the patient , but because the procedure is less traumatic than traditional surgery , patients do not face strict limitations on their activity following surgery , he says ."
he said sadr indicated his militia would disarm if they were offered amnesty .
"but abn s shares fell 0 . 8 percent to 35 . 79 euros in early trading , given than the offer was similar to that indicated a month ago ."
it adds another cog in the connect between ourselves and our ancestors .
the dow jones industrial average added 4 in the first half hour of trading .
it was his eighth goal in 18 champions league appearances .
she ran away from her abusive husband and was kidnapped several years later by lower caste bandits who roamed the lawless chambal ravines in india s central hindu heartland .
we were flabbergasted by what we saw .
"korea s performance in some other areas , however , is less impressive , with 35th place for indices for transparency and corruption , 34th for quality of life and 6th for inflation rate ."
"the party needs to recognize the january primary votes in both of those states , clinton campaign co chairman harold ickes said wednesday ."
.
"everyone panicked , they were running from their houses , some to the hills , said agung prasetyo , a local police officer , adding that the ground shook violently for around 30 seconds ."
"diana , 36 , and fayed , 42 , were killed along with chauffeur henri paul when their car crashed in the pont d alma tunnel in paris on aug . 31 , 1997 ."
it s made from 98 percent water and 2 percent chemical solution that is harmless .
"unfortunately , the people that affect most are those uh , you know , truck drivers and other people trying to earn a decent living ."
milan wins on pens after beckham starts
"some of the worst damage is in malibu , where many show business stars , among them mel gibson and sting , have homes ."
"with all that in mind , we asked the prince not to go to the games because to do so would represent the tacit endorsement of the worsening human rights situation in tibet , spokesman matt whitticase told cnn ."
"the call doesn t come very often , but when it does the answer is invariably yes ."
living in a cage in hong kong
talabani condemned the cowardly act and called for the perpetrators to be brought to justice .
"president elect barack has a full slate of pre inaugural events today , including a star studded concert this afternoon at the lincoln memorial ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"but calderon said in his statement , the mexican government will re enforce its head on fight against crime , he said ."
this round of talks started amid optimism after the north korean and u . s . envoys held an unusual meeting in germany last month and reportedly reached an understanding .
coming into this market to help us buy these toxic assets off banks balance sheets .
"the move came a day after sen . barack obama swept three democratic contests , giving him considerable momentum heading into sunday s maine caucuses and three primaries tuesday ."
they ve created a system to help consumers identify trees grown under certain environmental standards .
a wildfire in the san fernando valley doubled in size overnight .
"the international cycling union uci has approved lance armstrong s participation in the forthcoming tour down under in australia , to be held on 20 25 january , the first event of the 2009 uci protour , said a uci statement ."
"in tokyo , chief cabinet secretary yasuhisa shiozaki said officials were doing their best to rescue victims and assess the extent of the damage ."
"affects our cardiovascular health , said dr . lori mosca , director of preventive cardiology at new york presbyterian hospital , who was not involved in the research ."
"finally , moore s roommate cracked a joke and cho laughed . moore didn t take offense to cho s silence ."
the spaceship landed in california because of poor weather in florida .
campbell was ordered to appear at a west london magistrates court june 20 .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
fire department spokeswoman rita wright says 125 firefighters were able to keep the flames from other nearby buildings
the checks we have done in our archive so far have not delivered any specific information about this sort of transportation .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"presiding over the first cabinet meeting since his inauguration last week , lee urged his ministers to take extraordinary measures to curb consumer price hikes , promote peaceful labor management relations and create more jobs , as part of his new administration s campaign to revitalize the economy and improve the livelihood of ordinary citizens ."
he was cleared of a second charge of making false statements .
a hearing on a presentencing report is scheduled for june 5 .
the results of an autopsy on jake s body will be part of a medical study on the september 11 dogs that was started by the university of pennsylvania more than five years ago .
"los angeles , california based sports agent j . b . bernstein got the idea that somewhere in a country of 1 . 1 billion people , they could find humans who could throw the ball 85 mph or better ."
"correspondents say the lack of progress in this week s talks is a big setback , but there is still probably enough time for north korea to keep to its side of the bargain ."
living in a cage in hong kong
to his co pilot in april 1991 after claiming to see a beige missile shaped object shoot past the cockpit .
"president bush , who is set to depart the white house in a little more than two months from now , characterized the summit as very productive but was quick to point out that much work lay ahead ."
"papers will be on newsstands every day , and the papers online offerings will be expanded , he said ."
"security council , foreign minister ban ki moon yesterday expressed a fundamental objection to japan s bid . while acknowledging the need for reform in the global body to expand the council s permanent membership , the korea herald reports the nation s top diplomat stressed that any country seeking permanent membership on the highest u . n . body should have full support from its regional neighbors ."
"he later took on global warming and the theories surrounding it in his 2004 novel , state of fear , which attracted attacks in its own right from scientists , including nasa climatologist james hansen ."
flying with the flu ?
"some experts fear bigger , coordinated attacks could cause widespread damage to electric infrastructure that could take months to fix ."
"stocks up this morning more than 50 points on the dow , despite another down night on asian and european markets , and despite some economists taking a look at unemployment , foreclosures , and economic shrinkage , and daring to use the word depression ."
tilley still works full time at the job center in london s west end and calls her new found fame a bit bizarre .
national hurricane center forecasters are projecting noel will pass over southern haiti late sunday and cross the eastern end of cuba before turning northward toward the bahamas .
"federer won six of his 10 grand slams while working with roche , who had previously coached ivan lendl and pat rafter ."
walking also helps ease the pain of arthritis in areas where bones are joined by strengthening the muscles around the bones .
"obama , who won the iowa caucuses , would shift momentum to himself after clinton s back to back wins , while edwards needs a victory to shed his image as a perennial third place finisher ."
"if you believe what you read , my personal safety could be in jeopardy ."
"witnesses said a train traveling from beijing to the coastal city of qingdao derailed and hit a second train at about 4 40 a . m . , xinhua news agency said ."
non tobacco industry lawyers think the fda may be overstepping its authority .
"burnout creeps up and you don t know until you re in the midst of it , says dr . todd dewett , author of the book leadership redefined ."
"for the past seven months , she s been meditating daily ."
"london is a hub for film , especially in the short film category . and i could not have done it without the cwff who were willing to accept something completely different ."
"london , england cnn two teenagers have been arrested over the murder of an 11 year old boy shot dead in liverpool as he played football , police said on thursday ."
he is now a professor of biological sciences at columbia university in new york .
italy s nicole gius was runner up in 1 59 . 40 after a second leg of 59 . 25 with slalom world championj sarka zahrobska of the czech republic third in 1 59 . 59 following two sub 60 second runs .
hillary clinton and barack obama both called for an end to a bitter fight in a racially charged debate that has roiled the democratic presidential contest over the last few days .
"a crowd of several hundred people , many of them young women waiting to audition for america s next top model , stampeded outside a manhattan hotel yesterday"
most of whom are desperate to leave .
"stocks rose and emerging market assets posted modest gains on monday after moves by central banks to inject money into the banking system reassured investors , prompting them back into riskier assets ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the canadian armed forces said they are trying to locate nine people believed to be at sea after the yemen coast guard requested help .
the obamas are scheduled to spend twelve days in hawaii .
"our top priority in these cases has always been to identify children victims and move swiftly to remove them from these dangerous environments , fbi director robert mueller said in a news conference ."
"musharraf is in a difficult spot , bolton said . even the military is filled with islamic fundamentalists that he s tried to keep in lower positions ."
"they were with multi national division baghdad . an iraqi interpreter also was wounded in the explosion , the officials said ."
the struggling internet company also announced sales for the third quarter that were roughly in line with wall street s forecasts and earnings that matched expectations .
eleven south korean farmers were indicted for allegedly staging violent anti globalization street demonstrations during a world trade organization wto meeting over the weekend in hong kong .
"labor unions say there s never a perfect time , that higher wages will force south korea to shift into more sophisticated industries and that employees and korean society will be happier , healthier and more relaxed ."
"oil prices have nearly doubled from about 62 a barrel a year ago , which goldman sees as a sign that the world is in the midst of a super spike in oil prices ."
"representatives for labor unions represented in the strike , however , said the strike has merely been suspended ."
"mailer , who died of renal failure last month at 84 , was one of five candidates for the annual bad sex in fiction award which aims to highlight crude and tasteless descriptions of sex in modern novels ."
both sides also adopted a new style for reunion of the separated families via video and pursued to hold them on a regular basis .
mccain says obama s tax plan will gut small business .
"kang ji hye , a 29 year old office worker , said south koreans prefer to stick with the familiar ."
"gore used the award as another opportunity to plug the environmental cause , telling the hollywood audience and an estimated 1 billion television viewers that resolving the threat posed by a warming climate is not a political issue , it s a moral issue . watch gore talk about his cause and his movie"
cabinet level talks between north and south korea will be held soon .
"but , with the single exception of singapore , compliance and enforcement do not necessarily follow , as governments struggle to balance the protection of the environment with the economic imperatives of development ."
"the government wants to form an international research group to further that goal , park ky young , a presidential adviser for science and technology , said yesterday ."
"on monday , chirac said of iran and its nuclear program i would say that what is dangerous about this situation is not the fact of having a nuclear bomb ."
the supreme court upholds the draconian national security law .
"the ensuing criminal investigation led to the arrest of the perpetrator , appelhans added . the blackmailing with pictures of the meetings they had began in the fall of 2007 ."
"the unemployment rate could reach double digits , he said ."
"the men , four aged 33 , 31 , 29 and 19 , who all come from the huyton area , a 28 year old man from formby and an 18 year old man from litherland remain in police custody ."
"they may be 90 percent water and have only 18 calories per cup , but mushrooms are getting serious scientific attention ."
"in that instance , the defence ministry ruled out a missile and all the usual explanations , wrote david clarke , a ufo expert and journalism instructor at sheffield hallam university , who worked with the national archives to prepare the new materials for release ."
"mike gravel , the other democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls ."
"legend has it that vlad , who earned his nickname because of the way he tortured his enemies , spent one night in the 1400s at the castle ."
a lot of drug murders going on there .
"mo o reilly , director of child placement for the british association for adoption and fostering , said released a statement saying thirty or 40 years ago it would have been more likely that twins be separated and brought up without knowledge of each other ."
"the office previously declined to comment on the sale , saying it concerned the leader s private life ."
muslim leaders have urged politicians to show respect for immigrant communities .
"the numbers are what they are , clinton adviser howard wolfson said on a conference call with reporters ."
"local media have reported that the two sides may talk about holding an inter korean summit , but roh on tuesday dismissed the idea as premature ."
"in his opening commemoration speech , he said , let s try to send a korean to space as soon as possible . . ."
north korea has sought strategies to disregard south korea for direct negotiations with the u . s . on nuclear issues .
flying with the flu ?
"forum films , the israeli distributor of the soon to be released sex and the city movie , said advertising posters and billboards won t be hung in jerusalem and petah tikva because residents there don t want the word sex on display , said company spokesman arye barak ."
"this is malarkey . this is outrageous . outrageous for the president of the united states to go to a foreign country , sit in the knesset . . . and make this kind of ridiculous statement , he said ."
"but when the name of a civic group referred to the apec forum , such as the anti apec pusan citizens coalition , the north korean media changed it to anti bush pusan citizens coalition ."
"there have been constant requests to alter the army s dress code , which follows the designs of the japanese and u . s . armies ."
"ballesteros , who won a record 50 times on the european tour , won the british open three times and the masters twice before retiring last year after battling back problems ."
this discovery is good news for anyone interested in learning more about how species of large mammals can go extinct .
"dataplay inc . , the boulder , colorado , company behind the technology , is counting on prerecorded discs"
"cnn a court in saudi arabia increased the punishment for a gang rape victim after her lawyer won an appeal of the sentence for the rapists , the lawyer told cnn ."
cnn s kyung lah reported .
"foreigners who have visas which allow them to live in japan , meanwhile , are angry that they will now be treated the same as visitors and subjected to longer waits when they re enter the country japan has started to fingerprint and photograph all foreigners when they arrive in the country ."
that will also give more time to agree on constitutional reforms designed to grant more autonomy to dutch speaking flanders and francophone wallonia .
"the academy award winning actress will star in 33 variations , a play by moises kaufman about a present day musicologist played by fonda and her study of beethoven s fascination with a particular piece of music ."
the terrorist watch group intelcenter said it expected the video to be released within 72 hours .
"she mixed detergent with a liquid cleanser in her bathroom , police said ."
she said the office had only heard of the motion through media reports and declined to comment further .
dell currently the second largest corporate employer in ireland .
the agency was serving meals and counseling victims over the weekend .
"the visit came at the request of north korean officials , to discuss the modalities for verification and monitoring of the shutdown of the yongbyon nuclear facility , the statement added ."
"with grizzlies in and around yellowstone national park recently taken off the threatened species list and gray wolves expected to come off the endangered list within the next year , that spending likely will drop as the agency turns its resources to other imperiled species ."
"merckle , 74 , was hit by a train in the southwestern town of ulm , police said ."
people south of los angeles were rattled by a big explosion last night .
among the photos they sent to the news media is one of officer derek dutra examining the piano in the woods .
"baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide bomber killed at least 40 shiite pilgrims and wounded 60 others sunday as the pilgrims made their way to karbala to commemorate one of the holiest days of the shiite calendar , the interior ministry said ."
"thousands of revelers pressed against metal barriers erected around the square , which is bordered on one side by the ornate , sprawling winter palace , the one time seat of czarist power ."
"while neville has been around jazz fest for three decades , the fest itself will be 39 years old when it opens for the weekend of april 25 27 ."
a list of more than 100 programs slated to be reduced or eliminated altogether .
"making investments in the tour resort in geumgang is like loading a gun for the criminal , a coalition of seven leading conservative civic groups said in a statement ."
"last year , 10 storms hit the country and about 500 people were killed by floods and landslides , the government said ."
"according to allmusic , the band broke up once more after its release ."
"all could find a reason to interfere in iraq , he said , including opposition to the u . s . troop presence , and sectarian and political differences ."
"japan s beleaguered pm shinzo abe has started campaigning for upper house elections , knowing that a heavy defeat could propel him from office ."
"a purported taliban spokesman , qari yousef ahmadi , said the meeting between karzai and bush had no result , and that militant prisoners must be released in exchange for the lives of south korean hostages or there will be a bad result ."
"however , we did not find the protective effect , says paul , who is now an instructor in the neuroscience program at wellesley college ."
"another day , another new prediction ."
"christopher hill , the chief american nuclear negotiator , said earlier saturday that he planned to brief kim on the issue in working groups ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
draft likely to be reduced
"we got the bottom line on christmas sales this morning , and the news is not nice ."
"the number of claims that were filed are still indicative of a job market that is struggling , and shows that people who are out of work will find it even harder in coming months to land a new job ."
both women have thanked venezuelan president hugo chavez for helping mediate their release .
but the instruction ought to view affirmative action as something more than a downside risk .
"two won , 2 0 over the rays in tampa ."
"twelve female inmates were sexually assaulted by a correctional officer , according to an inspection team of the ministry of justice ."
bill richardson bows out of commerce secretary job
but increasingly such technologies are being used for business .
"now , i am a soldier in the liberation army ."
"diego chico corrales , who won titles in two weight classes and was involved in one of the most memorable fights in recent times , has died in a motorcycle accident ."
a u . s . treasury department delegation worked monday to resolve sanctions against a macau bank accused of helping north korea launder money a key condition in the north s agreement to give up its nuclear weapons program .
"from there , they were flown to taiwan . they had a good breakfast to sustain them on the long journey , said a taiwan keeper traveling with the animals to the island , according to xinhua ."
"the grotesque facial tumors were first spotted in the devil population around a decade ago in the northeast of australia s island state of tasmania , where 90 percent of the species has died of the disease ."
draft likely to be reduced
"so sign up for a course in these fundamentals , as well as some more sophisticated ideas ."
"blair replaces the quartet s previous envoy , former world bank president james wolfensohn who last year resigned in frustration at the lack of progress ."
"america , at its best , matches a commitment to principle with a concern for civility ."
"the results came on the back of a 60 percent rise in fourth quarter net profit of 8 . 47 billion , up from 5 . 28 billion ."
bush and most democrats support creating a guest worker program and a path to citizenship for the estimated 12 million immigrants already in the country illegally .
the dichotomy between urban and rural areas is further exacerbated by the divide between rich and poor .
the names of the soldiers were not immediately released .
"i think that we re going to see that that is the peak or very close to it , said michael lynch , president of strategic energy economic research inc . in winchester , mass ."
"the korea times reports seventy year old chae jong gi who started the fire that destroyed seoul s namdaemun , claimed thursday that it was president roh moo hyun who drove him to commit arson at the national heritage site by not listening to his petition ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"they have not directly seen the planet , orbiting a red dwarf star called gliese 581 ."
"knoxville , tennessee cnn a comet that unexpectedly brightened in the last couple of weeks and is now visible to the naked eye is attracting professional and amateur interest ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"on january 7 , two hooded men on a motorcycle pulled up to a bar in rio bonito where senna usually went for a beer ."
"the political parties who are trying to broker a power sharing arrangement were able to outline a joint proposal that had been largely agreed on the governance structure , according to a statement released to cnn ."
news of their separation distracted from the socialists better than expected election performance .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"international soccer star david beckham said friday that he was taking on the biggest challenge of his career , after being introduced as the newest member of the los angeles galaxy ."
it showed a video of honda employees wearing the device and bending to peer underneath vehicles on an assembly line .
"beijing , china cnn 8212 engineers worked to open additional spillways at an earthquake created dam in southwestern china monday , as water was piling up behind the structure faster than they could drain it , state media reported ."
a mother who forced her two year old son and three year old daughter to fight each other as she and three other women filmed them was spared jail on friday .
"the quake s epicenter was about 40 miles below the earth s surface , the usgs said ."
"chris barber , chief of stancliff hose co . , said the 18 year old sitter was frantically trying to help the children when emergency workers arrived ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
previous artificial hearts have been unable to automatically vary their pumping speed and must be tweaked externally .
but i believe my father would take it on the chin whatever they say about him .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"in the year 2027 , an asteroid between one kilometer and mile in length is expected pass even closer than 2001 yb5 ."
the judges on american idol were beating up on each other more than the top 3 finalists
the treatment of children in indian residential schools is a sad chapter in our history .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
it had embarked from the port city of piraeus near athens and was touring the nearby islands of poros and hydra .
"baldwin a 30 year old doctor , navy lieutenant , humanitarian and triathlete is the perfect guy with perfect teeth , and a houseful of wide eyed , marriage minded women competing to be his one and only ."
the 5 billion offer that murdoch made for dow jones could easily be paid out of news corp . s cash stockpile .
the dow is up 103 points .
"kazakhstan has taken a real step towards democracy , the presenter on state controlled khabar television said after a live broadcast of the preliminary results ."
officials from both sides said the negotiations have centered around the creation of the post of prime minister .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the new offer signals that investors losses might not be as sizable as feared .
flying with the flu ?
abu hamza al masri has been arrested in london .
korea will gain access to 10 million metric tons of lng .
"thus far , two significant new bugs have been detected , and 2 , 000 in cash bounties have been paid ."
"the palestinian islamic party hamas , which wrested control of gaza from its fatah rivals two weeks ago , has pledged to seek his release ."
"football star david beckham and his wife , victoria , arrived on thursday night to begin their new lives in the united states ."
"the electorate s message is that we , too , have responsibility for the state of the nation ."
biti told cnn the mdc believes challenger morgan tsvangirai won enough votes to force a run off election with mugabe .
the 13 year old son of tom cruise is following in his father s footsteps .
"jon , it s the latest economic u turn for president bush , who loathed the idea of intervening in markets and had resisted earlier calls for extra jobless coverage ."
"the people chose you due to your opposition to bush s policy in iraq , but it appears that you are marching with him to the same abyss , and it appears that you will take part with him in the defeat and certain failure , with god s permission , he said ."
"this is where you will learn how to target a market , capitalize on brand equity , position a product , and use market research techniques ."
but the difficulty of obtaining a hall for a nominating meeting highlighted the array of impediments faced by opposition groups in russia .
"coordinated by nasa s jet propulsion laboratory and the california institute of technology , the web site is designed to be interactive so people can explore a multitude of climate science issues ."
you should feel a little ache there and then an overall sense of ahh .
part of the agreement for north korea s denuclearization that was announced last year included an increase in cultural exchanges .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"in a statement released on its web site , the broadcaster said it will reduce its original output by 10 percent to focus on fewer , higher quality programs ."
courtenay said couples should evaluate monetary resources before a new baby arrives .
"stocks slumped monday , as ongoing recession fears overshadowed any relief about china s 586 billion stimulus plan and the government s revamping of its deal with aig ."
"adrien brody , who plays one of the brothers , described how it was to work with wilson on the set ."
"police are planning to seek arrest warrants for kim and his son as early as today , after searching the premises and securing additional material evidence ."
draft likely to be reduced
"ministry of commerce , industry and energy"
remains in the works .
"this has been a great end to a great summer , hotz wrote ."
"we have a right just like anyone else to get married to the person we want to get married to , lyon said at the time ."
the writers guild of america agreed not to picket the paramount pictures lot when actress and aids activist taylor gave a benefit performance of a . r . gurney s play love letters with james earl jones .
there are no rules to starting a walking program .
the tony award winning actress and wife of liam neeson reportedly suffered a head injury .
"new delhi , india cnn one out of every three families living below the poverty level in india paid a bribe last year for basic public services , like admitting a family member into a hospital , according to a new report ."
"the obama transition team announced sunday that obama will unveil the full team at a press conference in chicago , illinois , around 10 40 a . m . et ."
flying with the flu ?
"berlusconi said through an interpreter the president intends to meet with leaders of the group of eight major industrialized nations over the coming weeks , following this weekend s meetings here with several nations finance ministers ."
"some will encounter elderly relatives who have alzheimer s disease , a condition that affects 4 . 5 million americans ."
"after the arrest of bernardo provenzano , it was the turn of the lo piccolos , palermo police chief giuseppe caruso told the italian news agency ansa . we were on the trail of the bosses for a long time , and this is a great result ."
"i m grateful to my husband , william and harry for supporting my decision ."
"it is about 100 miles north of baghdad in salaheddin province , near the city of tuz khurmatu ."
"cristiano ronaldo , owen hargreaves and paul scholes were also back in the starting line up against a lyon team who have won the french title six seasons in a row ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"you don t get legislation through in the first 100 days , it gets considerably tougher ."
"pratchett , who began writing while a provincial newspaper journalist in the 1960s , received the order of the british empire for services to literature from the prince of wales in 1998 ."
prosecutors have yet to conclude their investigation .
"it is difficult for us to control smoking in restaurants . it s just part of the culture , he said ."
he added a team of who experts have been sent to pakistan to help determine the cause .
"watch the fates and heroics of australian passengers , seat by seat"
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
bhutto s party and another major opposition party had urged the government not to delay the elections .
"bevan recently wrote a letter to the press enterprise of bloomsburg about media coverage of the central pennsylvania college s annual block party , an event critics have described as rowdy and alcohol fueled ."
"well , this is kind of old hat to him ."
us officials say they hope to disable the reactor by the end of the year .
royal canadian mounted police said monday that a truck carrying 330 crates of bees was traveling on a ramp on the highway when the load shifted and the truck overturned shortly after 1000 gmt .
"the swastika symbol , which was appropriated by the nazis , was originally an ancient symbol used in hinduism , buddhism and other religions , and is still displayed all over india in hopes of bringing luck ."
"it comes after a federal judge tossed out most of health products maker johnson johnson s lawsuit , upholding the red cross right to use the emblem ."
george soros has asked the house ethics committee to investigate dennis hastert .
the girl swam by moving like a dolphin and would sometimes paddle with her bound hands .
"it is difficult to know the exact number of americans voting from overseas , since they can complete the process with their state and without having to deal with their local u . s . consulate or embassy ."
ashley abandons attempt to sell newcastle
"the investigation provides another contentious lead in for a provocative film by moore , a fierce critic of president bush ."
one snag is the varying quality of education
the church helped out as well .
i m sure that sen . clinton feels like she s doing me a favor because she s been deploying most of the arguments the republican party will be using against me in november and so it s toughening me up .
"the national intelligence service recently confirmed the findings of a suspicious deaths panel in 2002 that confessions had been tortured out of the eight student activists , who had been accused by the park chung hee military regime of conspiring to overthrow the government ."
that s what i think .
"but there are many , many more ."
"frankfurt , germany cnn luxury automakers bmw , audi and mercedes reported healthy sales increases for august on friday , with demand from asia and the u . s . driving the gains ."
"under the project , selected schools will provide various programs , including exercise and dietary advice ."
the seven rapists were sentenced to two to nine years in prison but she also was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison for having violated the kingdom s strict islamic law by being alone with an unrelated man .
"spencer brodsky , 17 , learned about the violence and decided to raise money to purchase fuel efficient stoves to send to darfur ."
with militants in the north waziristan tribal region .
"when yo yo ma enters a room , everything changes ."
"scorsese , 64 , was up against clint eastwood , who beat him two years ago and went up against him again this year having directed two critical favorites though he was nominated for only one , letters from iwo jima . gallery"
"some 100 , 000 muslims have met in the indonesian capital , jakarta , to press for the re establishment of a caliphate across the muslim world ."
"there s little doubt the orchestra for peace will continue , so long as charles kaye keeps picking up the phone ."
"the man , identified only by his last name kim , was earning about 4 million won 4 , a month , until he was indicted in 2005 on charges of creating a harmful environment for teenagers by producing materials that showed masturbation and sexual intercourse between strangers ."
"7 , struck off the town of pangandaran at 3 19 local time , causing a 2m high wave ."
"police watched the closed circuit video footage , and despite the child looking like madeleine , it was not her , said the official , who did not want his name published because he is not authorized to speak to media about the case ."
"the serbian government no longer has a united and common policy , which . . . prevents the government from performing its basic constitutional function and conducting the policies of the republic of serbia , the government proposal said ."
"later , mcqueen declined the lead in the french connection because he felt the part was too similar to the tough cop he d played in 1968 s bullitt ."
"again for the information , and she gave her correct name and date of birth , authorities said ."
the nuclear reactor on the submarine was not damaged in that accident .
the polls really shot up .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
travel across afghanistan s war torn provinces in search of the country s most talented singers .
u . n . election observers had feared the violence would be much higher .
public hearings held by the panel investigating the september 11th attacks concluded yesterday .
track cyclist chris hoy has won british sport s top award after being named bbc sports personality of the year in liverpool on sunday .
"future presidents , however , didn t follow his lead ."
"its green mountain slopes , topped with snow at its highest points , stretch into the deep blue sea ."
"the answers are clear to me , bush says , according to excerpts of his speech to be delivered at the pentagon on wednesday , the day the war began in 2003 ."
black bear encounters are rising in pennsylvania and in many other eastern states because the species is increasing in number at a time when more of their habitat is being lost to development .
"if you re seeing your grocery bill go up , you re not alone ."
"in a newly released videotaped message similar to a fireside chat , al qaeda s second in command issues advice and directives for the muslim world , terrorism expert laura mansfield said wednesday ."
voters will soon have their last chance to compare sens .
"the main u . s . envoy on the north korea nuclear issue , assistant secretary of state christopher hill , has said he believes the north s nuclear facilities could be completely disabled by the end of the year and that he expected a complete declaration of its atomic programs within months ."
"2006 , when humor university lodged a complaint on the issue claiming foul play by google ."
nasa plans at least 13 more missions to the space station before retiring the shuttle fleet in 2010 .
"the moral arc of the universe is long , but it bends toward justice ."
"another somali journalist , yasmin mayow , said from today i am afraid to go to work as journalist and i can see now the target is local journalists being threatened and killed , according to a translation provided by reuters ."
"profits are up as a result of the steps we took last year to control costs and strengthen our business , said chief executive willie walsh ."
the tigers of south east asia have built their booms by welcoming foreigners .
"she called for the return of gilad shalit , an israeli soldier who was captured by gaza militants nearly two years ago in a cross border raid ."
"at least eight officers are seen either kicking , punching or striking the suspects with batons while the men lie restrained on the ground ."
also in recent days fatah and hamas supporters have been tossed to their deaths from high rise buildings .
and it s becoming standard weekend viewing now for political junkies
"the final count gave sarkozy 53 . 06 , compared with 46 . 94 for socialist segolene royal , with turnout at 85 ."
but the documents also provide a glimpse into clinton s life during her husband s publicized affair .
the decision was yours .
a second person was killed in that pileup .
"the company did extensive market research beforehand , then tested it out on the real experts at home ."
she said the tremendous turnout is something positive that is coming out of this race .
"huddled in a meeting room in a holiday inn still pocked with bullet holes after the latest in a string of attacks on westerners killed two americans and four others , many said they would heed his words ."
"cameron s mother , sgt . lavanda smith , 28 , was headed back to illinois friday after spending only 10 hours at her new duty station in iraq ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
neindorf said he plans to sue the boy s parents .
diplomats were summoned to a government briefing monday as the reclusive southeast asian country s ruling military junta issued a rare appeal for international assistance in the face of an escalating humanitarian crisis .
living in a cage in hong kong
the bbc has quoted president roh as saying a peace settlement together with economic development would be his aim .
senior officials from north and south korea will hold talks today after a 10 month hiatus to discuss the ever intensifying standoff over pyongyang s endeavor to develop nuclear weapons and normalize the inter korean dialogue .
global tourism feels the squeeze
"in soul men , mac and jackson play two background singers who haven t spoken in 20 years ."
argentina is the world s second largest corn exporter and third largest soybean exporter .
"beijing , china cnn ronaldinho delighted chinese fans by scoring with a trademark free kick in a 3 0 win for barcelona over beijing guoan on sunday ."
"the winners , as chosen by the community , will be announced march 25 ."
"police had been investigating the case after a note suggesting suicide was found , but her cell phone and keys were missing , kyodo news agency reported ."
"it s as if they are jet lagged , like they ve just flown into atlanta from san diego , said dr . barbara phillips , a co author in the study . for people who live in atlanta , it might be 8 a . m . for a teenager , it feels like it s 5 o clock in the morning ."
diyala province is the sprawling territory northeast of baghdad on the border with iran .
"according to the mexican association of insurance institutions , the capital of mexico city is a favorite site for car thieves to work ."
travelers are advised that esta does not guarantee entry into the united states .
"in his inaugural address at the national assembly , lee , the first former ceo to serve as president , called 2008 the starting year for advancing korea ."
"in europe , the bank of england cut its rate by half a point to 4 . 5 percent , while the european central bank dropped its rate to 3 . 75 percent ."
pakistan imposed emergency rule on november 3 . the commonwealth statement said
"the council of fashion designers of america issued recommendations in january to help bulimia , anorexia and other health problems among models ."
"the printing for the final harry potter book will not only be the biggest , but also the greenest ."
"police have detained a man , alejandro ramirez baez , in the shooting , the department said ."
the joong ang ilbo reports president roh moo hyun showed a flash of anger at a late night meeting sunday with members of his uri party .
"in an interview with cnn , saudi oil minister ali al naimi said he was troubled by the current high levels of petroleum prices , but added , we have nothing to do with prices where they are today ."
possessing the weapon would be useless for iran whose leader has called for israel to be wiped off the map as using it would mean an instant counterattack .
"it definitely is brain surgery and that should give anyone pause , says david charles , m . d . , of vanderbilt university , in nashville , tennessee , who was not involved in the new study ."
sixty seven percent of those questioned in a cnn opinion research corporation survey disapprove of the president s performance .
"most pakistani nuclear weapons use highly enriched uranium , it noted ."
"north korea has repeatedly asked for a bilateral meeting with washington , even inviting hill to pyongyang , but never with the precondition of returning to the nuclear talks ."
"the message from ayman al zawahiri , the top aide to al qaeda chief osama bin laden , appeared on an islamist web site ."
i m as surprised as anybody i was able to make a 3 from over there .
the tragedy at the mine came hours before 62 people died in a fire at a care home in southern russia . full story
"will people come to sa to see them if they know they will be going back to hotels and guest houses with no power ? that means no hot meals , no clean laundry , no lights , said michael tatalias of the tourism association , according to the associated press ."
"more than 8 , 000 brazilian landless activists surrounded the central bank on thursday and threatened a big fight over land next year unless they get more public money to speed up land reform ."
"the party led israeli governments for the first three decades of its existence , from 1948 1977 ."
"alexander , a nevada resident , was arrested on his way to mccarran international airport , a source told cnn ."
one of the students asked what kids always ask
"we had our chances and we didn t take advantage , juventus coach claudio ranieri said ."
"mary brogan , 55 , from dublin , has been planning this trip for over a year with her husband and five friends ."
repossi said that diana and fayed picked a ring from his dis moi oui tell me yes range by early august and that the jeweler had sent it to italy
"by day s end , the nikkei index , which fell as much as 1 . 9 percent earlier , rose 1 . 1 percent to finish at 15 , 211 . 52 points ."
"sierra leone received 1 . 6 billion in debt relief last year , but still relies on donors for a third of its budget ."
"it s like the nuclear explosion , said dr . irwin goldstein , director of sexual medicine at alvarado hospital in san diego , california . it created sexual medicine . it allowed the taboo to be broken ."
"the legislation was passed by the parliament s upper house , having cleared the lower house last month ."
nations that have been spared the chaos include israel whose traffic uses a different route and lebanon and iraq .
the moat is separated from the emperor s residence by high stone walls and woods .
tender one s resignation
"tokyo , japan cnn a strong earthquake struck off the coast of japan early thursday , the national meteorological agency said , waking up people 100 miles away in tokyo ."
"he knows how to slide it open , which buttons to push how many times to reach the send sms menu option , compose the entire text message , and hit the send button all without even looking at the phone ."
we will first gather snu professors opposing the canal project and invite professors from other universities as well .
"the violence followed a peaceful rally earlier by at least 150 , 000 people outside the main parliament building ."
you can feel intense elation when you re in love .
one bhutto source said the document was compiled at her request and said the information came from sources inside the police and intelligence services .
the death toll was expected to rise overnight .
the baby is due in the spring and will be the vice president s sixth grandchild . watch mary cheney address critics of the pregnancy
the world food programme has already started distributing emergency food rations .
but one that s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in atlanta .
"in announcing the verdict , the judge didn t mention a settlement announced tuesday by a foundation headed by the son of libyan leader moammar gadhafi ."
"the man from wenjiashi township in hunan s liuyang city allegedly told guests he wanted to treat them to dinner and apologize for the dispute , which involved family matters , the statement said ."
the attacks began sunday night as thousands celebrated the chinese new year holiday .
"opec on wednesday accused the u . s . of economic mismanagement that it said is pushing oil prices to record highs , rebuffing calls to boost output and laying blame at the feet of the bush administration ."
flying with the flu ?
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
modern day south beach is still a vibrant monument to the art deco designs of the late 1920s and 30s .
flying with the flu ?
"the three boys and two girls , all about 10 days old , were found in the backseat of a black four door sedan when police stopped the car at a toll booth in north china s hebei province on sunday , said zhang lianying , the director of nangong city s highway patrol ."
living in a cage in hong kong
phuket deputy governor worapot ratthaseema said 42 people had been taken to hospital .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
and the ap s tim maguire tells us more about the captain
"one day , people will look back at this moment in history and say , thank god there were courageous people willing to serve , because they laid the foundations for peace for generations to come , bush told reporters after a meeting at the state department ."
"all could find a reason to interfere in iraq , he said , including opposition to the u . s . troop presence , and sectarian and political differences ."
an american classic .
draft likely to be reduced
"the prosecution filed warrant applications late yesterday to detain shin jeong ah , the former art professor accused of forging her academic credentials , and byeon yang kyoon , the former presidential aide suspected of having an affair with shin ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
cheney told blitzer he was over the line .
"toyota may scale back its ambitious target of selling more vehicles in the united states this year than it did in 2007 , as damage from an economic slowdown and soaring oil prices becomes more fully known ."
"another resident , lal mohammad , told the associated press on saturday that the fighters in musa qala were being led by gafoor , the hardline militia s corps commander in western afghanistan during the taliban regime ."
"but when the parents filed the name with new zealand s registry of births , deaths and marriages , they were told names beginning with a number were against the rules ."
i didn t go in with a clear enough idea of the match i wanted to play .
"unable to have children , the ruling couple went in despair to pray to the mountain gods who , according to the tale , agreed to help in exchange for the ultimate sacrifice of their last child ."
"pathological tests confirmed lead and cadmium in the bodies of the dead gharials , said suman , the wildlife official ."
"in july 2005 , senna was the sole winner of a national lottery worth 52 million reals 24 . 4 million ."
"former enron chief executive jeffrey skilling , who gained infamy as the man who orchestrated the fraud , was sentenced to more than 24 years in jail ."
we re still several years away from having in vitro meat be available to the general public .
"a convincing twin of darth vader stalks the beige cubicles of a silicon valley office , complete with ominous black mask , cape and light saber ."
"i want to make clear that without a resolution of the abduction issue , there will be no normalizing of japan north korea ties , abe said ."
the announcement came several hours after the army reported they may have been kidnapped by local militants with suspected ties to the taliban .
"more than two decades old , teen mania estimates it has reached more than 2 million teens with its message of living completely for christ ."
the british ministry of defense was part owner of bae systems throughout much of the period when the alleged payments to prince bandar were made .
"the riots broke out after nearly 60 hindus were killed when a train was set on fire in the town of godhra , allegedly by a muslim mob ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"even within the country , there have been growing calls in recent years for the law to be overhauled , the china daily said ."
the first cargo train providing regular service across the border between the two koreas in more than a half century left tuesday for the north .
"i m a ham , she said . i love a large audience ."
this week he was putting final touches on his plan to make certain that catholic healthcare s voicemail systems and other networks recognize daylight time .
wall street and shareholders criticized yang for falling short of reaching an agreement to sell the company to microsoft .
"the national flag is fluttering in the hands of the people in the royal palace now , said prime minister girija prasad koirala at a ceremony at the former palace sunday ."
governor andres granier urged residents to evacuate the city where floodwaters reached the rooftops of homes .
"street demonstrations began wednesday with the burning of an office of thisday newspaper in kaduna after it published an article questioning muslim groups that have condemned the miss world pageant , to be held dec . 7 in the nigerian capital , abuja ."
"the classic english bulldog , a symbol of defiance and pugnacity often likened to wartime leader winston churchill , is set to breathe a little easier under revised breed standards issued in britain ."
"hill said earlier sunday that improving u . s . relations with north korea will depend on other progress in the talks , saying it is a relationship that we will continue to try to build step by step with the understanding that we re not going to have a normalized relationship until we have a denuclearized north korea ."
"london , england cnn saudi arabia s king abdullah has stirred up controversy ahead of a rare visit to britain which begins monday , accusing british authorities of ignoring intelligence that could have prevented the 2005 london bombings"
"the statement said wood was retained after meetings over the weekend in the bahamas , where smith and stern lived as a couple before her death in february ."
"current president jiang zemin along with 70 other party and government officials will be portrayed in the movie , which also features more than 100 borrowed red flag limousines , according to local media ."
the star ingested one or more of its own planets .
"nader registers 6 percent , and barr gets 3 percent ."
"the quake destroyed 2 , 000 homes in a string of villages ."
giro winner danilo di luca is scheduled to appear before torri on thursday as part of a separate inquiry connected to a 2004 police investigation into possible doping .
"the company has not said what impact the increase in production will have on employment in greer , which has about 4 , 500 permanent employees and up to 900 temporary employees ."
new york cnn a new york city council member thursday proposed pushing sponsors to ban abnormally thin models from walking new york fashion week s runways .
"chinese president hu jintao offered similar congratulations , urging obama to join china in shouldering important common responsibilities ."
"the group mostly veterans of previous trips to the island includes engineers , environmentalists , a land developer , archaeologists , a sailboat designer , a team doctor and a videographer ."
that s why we don t like this report .
"by reflex , i used a jiu jitsu technique ."
"reclusive north korea agreed earlier this month at six way talks to shut down its main nuclear reactor , the source of its weapons grade plutonium , in return for energy aid ."
"just eight weeks on the job , gates used the conference and a nato gathering earlier in the week to introduce himself to the international community and meet privately with a number of defense ministers ."
"three big music companies , bmg , universal and emi are going to put out music discs ."
prosecutors said they planned to take chung into custody at about 10 30 p . m . last night . they will be able to hold and question him for up to 20 days before formally indicting him .
i am ready to serve you all if you decide to vote for me on april 9 .
newly elected lawmakers in immaculate white ceremonial uniforms attended the opening in the sumptuous surroundings of the thai parliament building in bangkok .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
who controls this information ?
the committee cited ahtisaari s significant part in establishing namibia s independence and his central role in solving the question of the indonesian province of aceh in 2005 .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"his caution , schneider said , led to his capture . police have charged him with burglary ."
past artificial hearts have only had one pump .
"following guidelines approved by the national security council , the government began culling 236 , 000 chickens and ducks at six farms within a 500 meter radius of the initially infected farm in iksan , north cholla province ."
i twisted his arm and hit him on the face with my elbow .
"at the same time , import growth has been slowed by government efforts to contain a boom in construction and investment that it worries could cause financial problems . china has reported its four highest monthly trade surpluses in the past nine months ."
"in the ashes , authorities found the body of penny caffey , 37 , and the 8 and 13 year old boys ."
"a court has disbanded the political party of thailand s ousted prime minister , finding it guilty of legal violations during elections canceled last year in a crisis that led to a military coup ."
the late night comic got some mileage from the iraqi shoe thrower .
"u . s . experts said anyone planning nonessential travel to mainland china , hong kong , singapore or hanoi may wish to postpone their trips ."
"in south korea , which college one attends has far reaching implications ."
rafael nadal will miss spain s davis cup final against argentina later this month because of the knee problem that saw him withdraw from the masters cup in shanghai .
"even more , beta carotene , vitamin a , and vitamin e seem to increase mortality , according to the researchers ."
police officers detain an opposition supporter on monday during riots at the kibera slum in nairobi .
the letter was to be published on monday in the guardian newspaper .
in the adjoining kennel eight boxer cross puppies have been similarly abandoned .
"lyon , france cnn french police have discovered the bodies of three babies hidden in boxes in a house in eastern france , a judicial source said on thursday ."
a u . s . spacecraft beamed hundreds of photos of mercury back to earth on tuesday after a close encounter with the planet closest to the sun .
"another belgian company , living tomorrow , predicts that as we become increasingly able to work from home , workplaces will spend more time unoccupied ."
hill said there is still a lot of language in the second draft containing a lot of differences .
"asked if he had a message for musharraf , he told cnn international , he should restore the judiciary , which was working independently in this country for the strengthening of the institution of democracy ."
"rome , italy cnn police raided a summit of mafia dons in sicily on monday , arresting a longtime fugitive mobster believed by authorities to be vying to become cosa nostra s next boss of bosses ."
"president vladimir putin worked to reassure ceos from leading global companies about the security of foreign investment in russia at a closed door meeting on saturday evening , participants said ."
the report was published by the iranian student news agency and quoted a member of parliament .
"of marriage to bruni , sarkozy revealed , i ve thought a lot about this ."
"people from all over the world are coming to live in holland , so you have to make new forms of living together , he said . the tent is a nice metaphor for studying this ."
transparency is a non profit working toward improving ethical practices in government .
the official said most of the letters have been sent to branches of jpmorgan chase .
his son is charged with helping his father dispose of the girl s body .
"investigators believe garth m . flaherty , 24 , took as many as 1 , 500 undergarments from apartment complex laundry rooms before he was caught , police cmdr . chris tennant said ."
"the carving may have been part of a hunting ritual , lev told cnn ."
"but in a statement , spin master said that out of an abundance of caution , it stopped shipping the item and was working with the consumer product safety commission and health canada ."
"the attack happened 100 miles southwest of darwin , australia s northernmost city , where the woman was taken to treat wounds that included eight teeth punctures in her thigh ."
"during his time in office , putin created a network of loyal officials on every level of government all appointed , not elected . putin indicated that tight control could continue ."
"the event brought together more than 100 programmers , marketers and designers who tried to create new companies from scratch in less than three days ."
"inevitability that these things are rumored and discussed in other teams , he told reporters after a race that saw alonso stripped of pole position and demoted five places on the starting grid ."
leading presidential contender lee myung bak of the grand national party gnp saturday apologized for his deceptive residencies .
"business leaders also called on the constitutional court to deliver its ruling promptly , saying the country s exports and foreign direct investment would shrink should the situation continue ."
"the german reporter and his afghan translator seized overnight in kunar province in eastern afghanistan were trying to reach a village in the saangar district , where civilians were reported to have been killed in a nato air strike two weeks ago ."
"they verified the shutting down of the reactor yesterday , he said ."
u . s . to plans to cut its forces in korea .
"the ruling uri party yesterday proposed a sharp increase in government spending next year to revitalize investment and consumption , even at the risk of a budget deficit ."
the brazilian football association cbf formally submitted its plans for staging the 2014 world cup on tuesday but kept the details close to its chest .
but the new research shows it hasn t always been so cold there .
"as many as 200 security contractors have been killed in iraq , according to u . s . congressional reports ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"she competed on the third season of the singing competition american idol in 2004 , becoming one of the top seven contestants before her elimination ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
we ll get a fresh read this hour on consumer confidence this month .
"another golfer whose name has already been splashed all over the sports pages , wie is back from an injury she suffered in 2007 and ready to make her mark on the ladies tour . her performance at qualifying school wasn t particularly remarkable"
the anchorwoman said the photo was taken at a game between two army teams .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"but the deputy emergency relief coordinator for the united nations , margareta wahlstrvm , said 450 people were killed ."
more than 1 million people attended the demonstration last week in the aegean city of izmir .
"e . lynn usery , who led the team , said nearly one quarter of the world s population lives below 100 feet above sea level"
he said all efforts were being taken to ensure her early release and that government officials were in touch with the teacher s family in the northern british city of liverpool .
we have compiled a list of 10 ideas mankind should be thankful for .
"the poll , conducted by the university of new hampshire , surveyed 341 likely democrats and 268 republicans likely to vote in tuesday s primary ."
"south africa s people were crying out to the nation s leaders to do whatever it takes to end crime , inkatha freedom party leader mangosuthu buthelezi said at the funeral ."
the funds raised through the concerts are used to create awareness of the aids pandemic among young people .
"restaurants are everywhere , but couples flock to the west village s one if by land , two if by sea considered one of the best places in the city to pop the question ."
"a statement reminiscent of the rhetoric used by hezbollah leader hassan nasrallah , who spoke of a divine victory over israel in 2006 ."
"hared is the second journalist to be killed this year , according to the committee to protect journalists ."
"ten civic groups met the press at the government complex in central seoul yesterday , demanding the release of full information , including photographs and exact addresses , of convicted sex offenders ."
"the 19 page ruling said that knox , in her meetings with prosecutors , accused lumumba of killing kercher ."
the years and changes accumulated .
how about a little rock lobster for lunch ?
"this time , the question was a little easier for miss teen south carolina ."
see the light
"she was performing almost until the end , taping a pbs special six weeks ago in chicago , illinois ."
"last week chinese media reported it would also be extended to elementary , secondary and primary school campuses ."
"however , french president nicolas sarkozy intervened on the six s behalf after a chadian court sentenced the six aid workers to eight years of hard labor in chad , and the central african nation handed them over to france to serve their sentences ."
he called them schtroumpf
"the shares are undervalued , but we wouldn t recommend buying , said morningstar analyst john owens ."
"who slams global health care , calls for universal coverage"
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the financial troubles of his companies , induced by the international financial crisis and the uncertainty and powerlessness to act independently which the financial problems brought about , broke the passionate family business man , and he took his own life , his family wrote in the news release ."
"obama s appearance at the apostolic church of god was his first address to a church since he ended his membership at trinity united church of christ , where he had worshipped for 20 years , following inflammatory remarks there by his former longtime pastor and others ."
"it s been planned for a long time , said nadine bauer , a hospital spokeswoman . she s very well . everything is fine ."
"during the course of operations the forces were engaged by small arms fire and rocket propelled grenades , the coalition said ."
officials in fuyang have been accused of sitting on information of the outbreak last month even as children were dying .
"the film won over two oscar nominees , deliver us from evil and iraq in fragments ."
obama ups jobs goal to 3 million on bad economic news
"you know , in politics , we all experience the highs and the lows , and i ve experienced both over a long political career ."
"the firebombing of dresden explains absolutely nothing about why i write what i write and am what i am , vonnegut wrote in fates worse than death , his 1991 autobiography of sorts ."
in his victory speech sarkozy claimed he would be the president of all the french . he said the right wing government of the us could count on france s friendship .
"bob morrison , fort worth ."
"general motors corp . will close four plants , a move that could cost the jobs of hundreds of employees , the company s chief executive officer said tuesday ."
further discouraging foreign financial institutions participation in making seoul an economic hub the seoul central district prosecutors office tuesday indicted and fined hermes investment management on charges of manipulating stock prices .
"in washington , state department spokesman sean mccormack said musharraf has good reason for staying in islamabad ."
"the president and the president elect had a long meeting , described by the president as good , constructive , relaxed and friendly , white house press secretary dana perino said in a statement ."
"we were able to confirm the old wives tale that eating bananas and so having a high potassium intake was associated with having a boy , as was"
"police said six young protesters pelted a police patrol car with stones , and the teen was shot as he tried to throw a fuel filled bomb at the officers ."
"since the diamond shaped blue pill debuted 10 years ago , it has become embedded in the public psyche , late night television jokes and urologists offices ."
"he had a best seller in 2005 with a man without a country ,"
"obama has taken first blood , with democratic party supporters voting abroad in indonesia where obama spent four years of his childhood picking him over clinton ."
a chrysler spokeswoman says the company will reach out and notify specific dealers before it has any more to say in public .
"sometimes i am asked how i would like to be remembered , clarke said . i have had a diverse career as a writer , underwater explorer and space promoter ."
now they may be facing yet another loss .
"japanese press said the boy lived with his young brother , separately from their parents ."
"despite promising fairness in his government appointments , musharraf has named several allies to fill interim posts"
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"it was reported that hillary s 54 year old son peter and tenzing s grandson , tashi terzing , would make separate attempts to ascend the mountain as nepal starts the 50th anniversary celebrations of its first successful ascent in 1953 ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"in the video , white male students at reitz residence are seen encouraging at least three black female housekeepers to participate in what the students call the reitz fear factor , an apparent reference to the television show in which contestants eat live worms or compete in other feats ."
the brother of the journalist now famous for hurling his shoes at president bush said his sibling s actions were spontaneous and represented millions of iraqis who want to humiliate the tyrant .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"within that time , more talks are planned on ending the hostilities between north korea and the u . s . and japan ."
"two days of fighting between government and ethiopian troops and islamic militants in somalia s capital , mogadishu , left 81 civilians dead and more than 100 wounded , a local human rights group reported sunday ."
"the era of cheap natural gas is coming to an end , russian prime minister vladimir putin said tuesday at a meeting in moscow of the world s major gas exporting countries ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
flying with the flu ?
wall street closed down again wednesday as shares continue to fall sharply across europe and asia and the white house released more details of a global crisis summit intended to solve the crisis .
"but for more than 50 years , he s appeared on the screen and behind the camera ."
call it the rocky mountain road to the white house .
"referring to bin laden , dadullah told the network , praise be to god he is still alive , and we have information about him and praise be to god he orchestrates plans in both iraq and afghanistan ."
"in an e mail , us airways representative morgan durrant said the company s policies prevent it from commenting publicly on a personnel matter ."
"at the finish line , there will be massage therapists like lexon allison ."
as part of economic cooperation projects agreed upon in their leaders recent summit .
it is part of a wider missile shield involving defenses in california and alaska that the united states says are to defend against any long range missile attack from countries such as north korea or iran .
he published the andromeda strain while he was still a medical student at harvard medical school .
"fed chairman ben bernanke says he expects the economy to bounce back and begin growing later this year , but he s warning the joint economic committee that even when that happens , economic growth will remain below its longer run potential for a while ."
"federer , the world number one , followed him out on court and needed just an hour to rack up a ruthless 6 2 6 3 win over ferrero , a former french open champion ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"it isn t clear when jiang plans to give up that post , but it too is expected eventually to go to hu , already his deputy on the panel ."
fifty four percent of americans do not believe u . s . action in iraq is morally justified . read the complete poll results document pdf
"only 24 percent of those polled approve of bush s job as president , an all time low for a cnn survey ."
"israel said it would do everything in its power to retrieve the soldier , the first to be captured since 1994 ."
"we are trying to bring the parties together to start a dialogue , he said ."
"one police officer was lightly injured and eight cars and two scooters were torched , according to the paris police headquarters ."
a macau official said that most of the 24m frozen in the banco delta asia had now been moved elsewhere .
"the sources said that daschle negotiated that he will also serve as the white house health czar , or point person , so that he will report directly to the incoming president ."
the pair are recognized as the discoverers in 1983 of the virus that can expose people to aids .
among the targeted root servers that manage global internet traffic were ones operated by the defense department and the internet s primary oversight body .
"the government has demanded that fatah islam surrender , but the militants have vowed to fight to death ."
"though brief , the scene left a good impression on him ."
"he hosted saturday night live this fall , he s due to play tina fey s love interest on 30 rock and he continues to receive accolades for his work on mad men nominations for an emmy and a golden globe so far ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"seconds later , the video shows what appears to be a tire mark on the unidentified paparazzo s sock ."
"the president and the president elect had a long meeting , described by the president as good , constructive , relaxed and friendly , white house press secretary dana perino said in a statement ."
"as south korean officials arrived tuesday afternoon in the north korean capital , south korean president roh moo hyun said in seoul that it was important to show north korea that it would get more for abandoning its nuclear weapons than keeping them ."
"bush s progress report on iraq comes after he met with gen . david petraeus , the top u . s . commander in iraq , and ryan crocker , u . s . ambassador to iraq ."
"zhang continues to build her case against the mine , trying to win compensation for medical testing , health care and damage to the village s rice crops ."
australian pm kevin rudd says the authorities will come down like a ton of bricks on violent protesters .
"adapted from the hong kong crime thriller infernal affairs , the departed stars leonardo dicaprio as a cop who s undercover in a boston crime outfit , matt damon as a mob mole who has infiltrated the police , and jack nicholson as the merciless gang leader pulling everyone s strings ."
lebron blamed president bush for the outcome of the trial and said there was not enough evidence in the case to convict her son .
"the danger passed quickly , but officials rejected suggestions they overreacted , adding that the emergency tested procedures put in place after the 2004 indian ocean disaster that left 230 , 000 dead or missing in a dozen countries ."
sens . hillary clinton and barack obama will debate each other wednesday night for the first time in nearly two months .
"124 passengers , two pilots , four flight attendants and five crew members who were being repositioned 8212 when it started the day in san salvador ."
a story featured on the front page of the roswell daily record claimed a flying saucer was captured the paper is now reproduced and sold to tourists . other news agencies picked up on the event albeit in a cursory fashion .
but the opposition grand national party gnp threatened to refer the president to the prosecution for defying the election law .
"s initiative toward satellite based mobile broadcasting has suffered another setback , with the country s broadcast regulator blocking the airing of terrestrial televised content on wireless receivers ."
"you have to watch this video , the site says ."
"shedding the tight confines of his old restaurant display tank , george was driven to maine by peta members and was returned to his natural habitat on the ocean floor saturday , the organization said ."
"abu dujana is accused of direct involvement in the bali nightclub bombings of 2002 that killed more than 200 mostly western tourists and subsequent attacks on the australian embassy and j . w . marriott hotel , both in the indonesian capital , jakarta . behind the scenes chilled by words of hatred"
"advocates for a bailout argue that if the big three can hang on until then , they ll be in position to be competitive long term ."
living in a cage in hong kong
us secretary of state condoleezza rice has made a rare warning to israel not to do anything that might erode confidence in the peace process .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
courjault voluntarily provided the samples when he was questioned after reporting the discovery of the bodies in his balcony freezer .
"japan s economy will expand by 1 . 4 percent this year and 1 . 5 percent next year , which would mark a loss of momentum from last year . canada s growth would slow to 1 . 3 percent this year and pick up slightly to 1 . 9 percent next year ."
"kinko s inc . , a chain of copy shops , moved to a 24 hour schedule when people literally started banging on its windows after hours ."
"fakhruddin ahmed , head of bangladesh s military backed interim government , visited the northwestern district of sirajganj on saturday ."
and some needs and hurts are so deep they will only respond to a mentor s touch or a pastor s prayer .
"chrysler dealers confirmed to the company at a recent meeting at its headquarters , that they have many willing buyers for chrysler , jeep and dodge vehicles but are unable to close the deals , due to lack of financing , the carmaker said in an announcement . the dealers have stated that they have lost an estimated 20 to 25 of their volume because of this credit situation ."
white house spokesman scott mcclellan said that north korea needs to end its nuclear weapons program .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the president , who visited the capitol this month to push hard for overhauling the nation s immigration laws , delivered a brief statement shortly after the vote saying he was sorry congress could not reach agreement , calling its failure to act a disappointment ."
if someone is not in good shape you know and they are in the public gym and they re not performing well it s an uncomfortable feeling .
the rays won the al title sunday finishing up boston in seven games .
media reports say an australian customs vessel saw five whales being harpooned and hauled on to a japanese ship .
the problem is that the land they built on belongs to the government .
"prime ministers from north and south korea have met for the first time in 15 years , in talks aimed at improving ties on the divided peninsula ."
the statement coincided with the beginning of talks between the two allies on another sensitive issue moving u . s . troops further south away from the tense border with north korea .
a break in a long flight can help
"aaa reports gasoline is a nickel a gallon cheaper than yesterday , going for a national average 3 . 40 ."
"the contest , founded in 1975 as a sporting goods store promotion and now sponsored by the manufacturer of anti foot odor products , pits children from around the united states who have won state level competitions for the generally cruddy condition of their footwear ."
the company hopes the cheaper overland trip will attract more south korean tourists .
the commission issued the ruling for roh s repeated criticism of two major gnp contenders campaign pledges former seoul mayor lee myung bak and former gnp chairwoman park geun hye .
"because this is an unrepentant domestic terrorist who had campaigned to blow up , to destroy our pentagon and our u . s . capitol ."
the announcement thursday marked a reversal of a government order in september that froze prices of gasoline and other basic consumer goods in an effort to rein in rising inflation .
this gotta have it technolust has in turn forced the government to deliver the future .
"all 25 members of the iraqi council signed the document during a ceremony in baghdad , which the president of the council , sayyed muhammad bahr al uloum , called an historic moment , decisive in the history of iraq ."
"russia has called on iran to stop work on uranium conversion immediately , a day after it resumed operations at its nuclear facility at isfahan ."
she had just emerged from the party s weekly luncheon that senate majority leader harry reid called one of the most emotional caucuses he s ever attended on capitol hill .
to actually tour with the songs would be wonderful .
"carrie s stoop , charlotte s gallery and that restaurant where samantha threw a martini in a boyfriend s face ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
they cited an instance in which she labeled robocalls
"his pickup truck runs on cooking oil . the cabins have showers , but guests can also take the locally made biodegradable soap provided down to an idyllic swimming hole in one of the site s eponymous three rivers ."
it is the latest setback for the gifted but troubled 23 year old .
"just 33 percent said they would back obama in the general election , according to the polls ."
"if you put a rat in a cage by itself , it won t do well on cognitive tests . but if you give it toys and put other rats in its cage , they re going to be smarter rats ."
"in the inter korean meeting held at the north korean city of kaesong , however , pyongyang turned down seoul s offer to dispatch engineers and transport relief goods by land ."
thus the challenge to america comes not from europe but from asia where people put work before leisure and prosperity before freedom .
"russia opposes nato membership for ukraine and georgia , concerned that the alliance s eastward march will erode its influence in those countries ."
draft likely to be reduced
mild texas temperatures allow visitors to be outdoors throughout all four seasons .
"boy , 8 , to face murder charges as father is mourned"
and he indicated that troop level adjustments must be based on prevailing conditions .
"polanski s defense team offers what it calls extraordinary new evidence of repeated , unlawful , and unethical misconduct by the los angeles district attorney s office and the judge in polanski s case based on details that surfaced this year in an hbo documentary ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"fbi agents arrested blagojevich and his chief of staff , john harris , early tuesday on federal corruption charges related in part to the selection of president elect barack obama s successor to the senate , the u . s . attorney s office said ."
"the smaller the amounts of alcohol drunk , the smaller the benefits ."
certainly i think what he said is not shared by most of the people in the world .
when millions of people die for no apparent reason the best people what kind of progress can there be ?
"we are living an injustice , presenter eyla adrian said , according to ap ."
"under new ethics guidelines set by the committee , any candidate who has been sentenced to jail for financial fraud or other wrongdoing will not be allowed to run under the udp banner in the april general elections ."
"perper went into detail , after an attorney for birkhead pressed him about the integrity of the chain of evidence ."
"at the end of the struggle , the military government of chun doo hwan had to give way to democratic elections ."
"the bank said it is small , family owned , and didn t have the technology to check big batches of u . s . currency for fake bills ."
they say that just encourages their aggressive pursuit of bananas and sandwiches .
it also demanded a national assembly inspection of the suspicion .
"we do have people uh , trapped in uh , four or five feet of swift moving water ."
"if convicted of both portions of the conspiracy charge , vick could face six years in prison and a 350 , 000 fine , according to a statement from the u . s . attorney s office for the eastern district of virginia ."
the legislators were temporarily prevented from leaving by demonstrators who locked the exits .
"the movie , based on the popular comic and cartoon series , boasts a star studded cast , including sienna miller and dennis quaid ."
"takami eto , a 78 year old three time cabinet minister who leads the third largest faction in the ruling liberal democratic party , dismissed as a big lie estimates that the japanese army killed as many as 300 , 000 civilians during the 1937 38 occupation of the chinese city of nanjing , then called nanking ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"ethiopia is one of the world s poorest countries , and more than half of the population live on less than 1 a day ."
treasury secretary henry paulson said wednesday that more economic pain looms but he urged patience and said the federal government will use all tools necessary to support banks .
poland and ukraine s preparations to jointly host the finals of the 2012 european championship appear to be back on track .
it is only the fourth time bush has used his veto power in the course of his presidency .
nuremberg remain in the relegation zone and second from bottom having picked up just one win in their last 10 games .
"devastating floods are believed to have destroyed up to 14 percent of the north s farmland , south korean officials said ."
"britain s tabloid sun newspaper thursday proclaimed from its front page that a wind turbine was ruined after a ufo hit one of its 20 meter long blades in conisholme , lincolnshire ."
"on saturday , lebanese troops seized control of the house belonging to abu hureira al absi s deputy commander , lebanese military officials said ."
a superjumbo service on the singapore london route is expected to start in february .
prosecutor s office and police would focus on human rights .
kim chang also declined to comment .
"we re already some 10 weeks behind , hill said , referring to the north korean commitment to make a full declaration of its program by december 31 ."
"he wrote mcdonald s first national advertising slogan , where quality starts fresh every day , and eventually became a franchisee ."
"the patient and her advisers have determined that the hospital s medical staff will not issue any formal or informal information on her medical condition , the hospital statement said ."
the guild prize is a solid forecast for who might win the directing honor at the academy awards .
"about the size of a cell phone , it can beam photos and videos straight from the card , or whatever else you might want to blow up or share directly from your media player , mobile phone , camcorder or game console"
patrick henry tells the virginia provincial convention
the government recently cut the annual interest rate cap on private moneylenders to 49 percent from 66 percent .
the man is believed to be the first in china to have been infected with bird flu in an urban area .
flying with the flu ?
"the hooded killers of the chadian president s son were filmed on video surveillance cameras in the underground car park in france where his body was found , a judicial source says ."
"on monday , dale kreisher , spokesman at the u . s . consulate general in hong kong , declined to say whether washington was ready to lift the sanctions on banco delta asia , accused of helping north korea s money laundering and counterfeiting ."
"justin henin might not defend her olympic gold medal in beijing next year , fearing the city s air pollution could trigger her asthma ."
"in 2004 , the two countries agreed to consolidate 42 u . s . military installations scattered across the peninsula into two hub bases in pyeongtaek , gyeonggi province and in the daegu region ."
mattar said tuesday the court accepted the appeal and will hold the first hearing november 18 in dubai .
united had more attacking options as they went in search of the equaliser .
"local media reported that police found several mobile phones inside the cage , as well as bricks , stones and beer cans ."
"the operation a week ago lasted 27 hours and involved a team of some 30 surgeons , all specialists in pediatrics , neurosurgery , orthopedics , and plastic surgery , working in eight hour shifts ."
"in australia , investors sold rio tinto , sending its shares down 0 . 8 percent , but advances of 0 . 6 percent for rival miner bhp billiton and 2 . 6 percent for macquarie bank helped drive the benchmark s p asx 200 index up 0 . 2 percent ."
"what we thought was going to be a contained domestic u . s . problem is definitely global , william larkin , portfolio manager at cabot money management , told cnnmoney . it is now rooted in europe and it looks like it is probably spreading to asia ."
"asked whether washington had declined lee s request , kwak said that was open to interpretation ."
the acting head of the us centers for disease control and prevention says he finds it encouraging that most swine flu cases have been relatively mild in the states .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the militants breached the walls of the colonial era outpost along the afghan border with explosives and seized the fort after a firefight that lasted about 12 hours , said army lt . col . baseer hadier malik ."
he is to hand over power on monday .
"we were told that what really might trigger any sort of reaction would be pirated copies of the film entering the country , which could set off widespread rumors about the content ."
"its dialogue partners the us , china , russia , south korea and japan appear to be giving north korea a few more days to comply . south korea is considering delaying rice aid to north korea after it failed to meet a key deadline to shut down a nuclear reactor , officials say ."
"but it was never approved by parliament and japan has rejected most compensation claims , saying they were settled by treaties ."
"the combination cell phone , media player and wireless web surfing device will retail for 499 and 599 , depending on configuration ."
"baiji police chief saad nufoos was dismissed from his post as a result of the attack , according to an iraqi interior ministry official ."
"we have no choice but to take measures to adjust he added , referring to the pace of disablement of the nuclear facilities ."
"we re all gonna illegally cram in one car , sorry ."
"saddam hussein has said in court he has been tortured , and accused the us of lies for denying it abused him ."
senators approved an amendment to the stimulus package that allows new car buyers to deduct the sales tax and car loan interest payments from their taxes .
"protests are guaranteed as an act of freedom , but the united states is strict in enforcing its laws so it s important to stage the protest within those bounds , an embassy official said ."
soluble fiber helps trap cholesterol in the digestive tract so that it passes through your body rather than getting into your bloodstream .
"we are sharing our partners concern about making all iranian programs transparent , putin said at a news conference after talks with visiting french president nicolas sarkozy ."
"barcelona continued to press until the final whistle , but still could not create a clear cut opportunity ."
she was on probation for that offense when she was charged with driving under the influence in 2005 .
"turkey s ruling ak party won a resounding election victory sunday , giving the pro business , islamist rooted party a mandate for reform but risking fresh tensions with the secular elite ."
"some claim it was composed by a german and given as a gift to king carlos iii in 1770 , while others believe the tune was originally french and reset for military orchestras in the late 1700s ."
"some 75 , 000 fishing vessels in the two provinces were ordered back to port and trips by ferries and sightseeing boats were canceled , the agency said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the defense department said it agreed with the report s findings , according to letters attached at the end of the gao report , but the state department disagreed with them , saying there was a comprehensive plan in place ."
"it was a different matter , though , with russian president vladimir putin , who also opposed the u . s . led drive to depose saddam hussein but , in washington s view , was not confrontational about it ."
"the koreans , who are mostly women , were abducted one week ago in ghazni province , south west of the capital kabul ."
"the area includes habitats for the endangered northern quoll , a carnivorous marsupial , and the speartooth shark , as well as an important gallery of dry vine forests , turnbull said ."
it has a computer that does what your brain does for you .
"the return of parliamentary rule after 16 months of military rule follows elections in december in which the people power party ppp , the party of deposed thai leader thaksin shinawatra , won nearly half the seats in the lower house ."
"while the house has voted to impose a punitive tax on those bonuses , and a similar approach has been proposed in the senate , federal reserve board chairman ben bernanke says he wanted to sue to stop the bonuses from being paid , but he was told not only were they contractually mandated , but if they lost in court , they would have to pay several times those amounts ."
"jerusalem cnn at least two katyusha rockets fired from lebanon landed near the northern israeli town of kiryat shmona on sunday , police and israel defense forces said ."
"and then there are other pols , including michigan governor jennifer granholm and massachusetts governor deval patrick ."
"they accuse the new , three month old government of coming to power through illegal means ."
many of those leaving carried makeshift white flags or waved them from car windows .
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi forces fighting oil theft have been working to recruit young men from tribes that long have been aiding the smugglers , the country s oil minister told cnn ."
"this threatened the gorilla habitat , so when the rangers tried to protect the forest , he allegedly orchestrated the gorilla massacres to discourage them , the group said ."
health experts were on monday examining the home and workshop of a london drum maker who died after inhaling anthrax spores while handling imported animal skins .
"the spaniards had also lost their last two league games and suffered a 3 0 defeat at the hands of arsenal in the opening round of group matches , but manolo jimenez s side were faster out of the blocks tonight with kanoute going close early on ."
"musharraf has chosen a successor very carefully who will continue his policies and he will be as pro western as general musharraf is , nizami told cnn international last month ."
"mineola , texas cnn in the windowless front rooms of a former day care center in a tiny texas community , children as young as 5 were fed powerful painkillers they knew as silly pills and forced to perform sex shows for a crowd of adults ."
"the new 1 , 000 won note will be blue instead of purple , while the new 10 , 000 won bills will remain green ."
"communist china has punished more than 17 , 500 officials in the first eight months of this year on corruption charges , according to official state news agency xinhua ."
now might have new meaning .
brown has been trying to overturn a judge s default judgment to nullify the couple s marriage and grant houston sole custody of 14 year old bobbi kristina .
"the only member of prime minister john howard s center right government to sign the letter was barnaby joyce , a maverick senator from the junior coalition partner , the nationals party , his office confirmed friday ."
"the thai government allows only a small number of immigrants from those countries , which has led to a number of smuggling cases ."
"the statement expressed gratitude for the good wishes castro received from around the world , and urged cubans to maintain their daily routines ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
we are all sick and we have a lot of problems .
the holocaust memorial exhibit belonged to longtime postal memorabilia collector and activist ken lawrence of pennsylvania .
"only through the conversion of hearts , only through a change in the depths of our hearts can the cause of all this evil be overcome ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"obviously , the administration would vehemently oppose and ultimately veto any legislation that looked like what was described today , said dan bartlett , white house counsel ."
but their indifferent form counted for little as a first half strike from christian panucci and a superb double after the break from mirko vucinic sunk luiz felipe scolari s men .
"they look at this as a window into new york city , he said ."
it sparked a king tut frenzy and the exhibit was a sellout
the sooners crushed missouri 62 21 in the big twelve title game .
"the small patch of land by the river , covered with disheveled weeds and human and animal feces , is popularly known as bachchewala ghat or child burial ground ."
london s ftse 100 was just in positive territory at the close .
"they agreed that both countries will not use any kind of force , a south korean diplomat said ."
the inquest into the 1997 paris crash that killed the couple and paul lasted six months .
"monday s meeting was a historic formality , but it was also a time for serious talks ."
"but ferreira said there were no immediate indications that it was related to the brazilian air traffic chaos and woes including the july 17 crash of a tam linhas aereas sa jetliner , which slammed into a building in sao paulo , killing 199 people ."
"because of their extreme environments , they tend to be highly sensitive to temperature changes , said marine biologist james mcclintock of the university of alabama at birmingham ."
snobbery is thriving in britain if you believe the upper class scorn poured on kate middleton s mother after prince william broke up with his middle class commoner sweetheart .
"brown , who is pondering britain s future involvement in a four year old war that is hugely unpopular among britons , noted tony blair s acknowledgement that mistakes had been made in the war and said he wanted to learn the lessons ."
"2 4 summit , south korean president roh moo hyun and the north korean leader kim jong il agreed to significantly expand exchanges and economic cooperation between the two koreas ."
"once in orlando , according to the arresting affidavits , nowak followed shipman from the airport to her car in a satellite parking lot , where the confrontation took place about 3 45 a . m . wearing a wig and glasses , nowak approached shipman as she got into her car and told her nowak s boyfriend had not shown up to pick her up and she needed a ride ."
"the catalyst for the explosion against the free trade talks appears to have been a former blue house economic aide , jung tae in ."
"l . l . bean , for one , has built the business on it ."
"the us voted against the plan , saying the reforms did not go far enough , but pledged to work with the new council ."
"rasmussen s expulsion came just one day after another favorite , alexander vinokourov tested positive for blood doping ."
"that s an especially important number , because their spending powers the economy , jon ."
"as the bard once said , revenge is a dish best served cold , and when i want revenge developed a hot spot on his left front ankle , the horse s owner , trainer and doctor decided not to allow the 3 to 1 favorite to take his full measure on the rest of the field in today s kentucky derby ."
"the show will go on regardless of talks status , he said ."
"in addition to the acquittal , most of the defendants will receive compensation payments ranging from 20 , 000 swiss francs to 488 , 000 francs about euro12 , 000 to euro297 , 000"
but lee said the visit would not be feasible before the end of putin s term .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
half of the korean minor manufacturers plans to relocate their plants abroad within 2 years .
"one award is certain steven spielberg will receive the cecil b . demille award for his outstanding contribution to the entertainment field from the hollywood foreign press association , the globes organization ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
flying with the flu ?
"at least nine people were killed , and possibly many more , when security forces ended days of mass protests ."
"the two had told their love story for years and years , inspiring a book deal , an upcoming movie , and stories across the globe on television , in papers and on the internet ."
laboratory teams on two continents report success in a pair of landmark papers released tuesday .
"the spaniard , winner of a fourth straight french open title and first wimbledon championship this year , withdrew from the paris masters last friday with a knee problem after losing the first set of his quarterfinal match against nikolai davydenko ."
"the press conference will air from the beverly hilton , home to the globes since the early 70s ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the south korean government has issued guidelines to its aid organizations telling them to leave afghanistan by the end of the month for safety reasons , a south korean embassy official said on condition of anonymity due to policy . last month , the government banned its citizens from traveling to afghanistan ."
"so in the short term , the president seems to be getting his way more time to run the war on his terms ."
the miners families were in despair . the china daily said .
u . s . and s . korea will have a discussion on the military alliance .
"cnn s poll of polls , an averaging of the most recent surveys in each state , suggests the race is extremely tight , with obama ahead by 2 points in texas and clinton ahead by 5 in ohio ."
having clinton as his top diplomat turns a once bitter rivalry into a high profile union a goodwill gesture after a heated primary fight .
a senior portuguese detective has been appointed to bring fresh momentum to the controversial investigation into the disappearance of british girl madeleine mccann .
"the soyuz tma 12 craft and its passengers yi so yeon , a south korean bioengineer , and cosmonauts sergei volkov and oleg kononenko hooked up with the orbiting station two days after its launch from the baikonur cosmodrome ."
england captain john terry looks set to play in his side s euro 2008 qualifier against russia after flying to moscow with the rest of the squad on monday .
living in a cage in hong kong
alerts involved everything from tall apartment buildings to the statue of liberty to scuba divers and subways .
living in a cage in hong kong
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
company spokesman tom fitzgerald disputes the government s claim .
we look forward to the day when we can end the korean war .
neither of those is final yet .
guinness spokeswoman kate white said the organization would analyze data expected from strel and his support team to determine whether he established a new record . she said it usually takes six to eight weeks to review such applications .
and oil is trading near 55 a barrel .
"in another , a suspect is tricked into what he thinks is a job as a movie extra and , after a staged argument between the film s director and another actor , gets promoted to the starring role ."
the new record is expected to gild france s image in the expanding market for high speed technology as countries like china turn to bullet trains .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"without that relief , even more children head back to the streets to beg for the smallest morsels to fill their empty stomachs ."
"at t spokesman mark siegel said he couldn t speculate on the legality of unlocking the phone , but he added , when you sign up , you re signing a two year contract . you re obligated to pay the bill ."
"but that finally may be starting to change , doctors say ."
winds are heading southwest and fire officials are warning residents to keep an eye on their surroundings .
"when a girl signs up , they are given a naked virtual character to look after and pitted against other girls to earn bimbo dollars so they can dress her in sexy outfits and take her clubbing ."
bond also has sex in a buddhist temple .
"gazprom had been threatening the move , saying months of negotiations with ukraine had failed to resolve the issue of outstanding payments ."
"in what is seen by some observers as president lee myoung bak s lack of confidence in korean advisors attention is on veteran financier david eldon , one of two conservative foreign appointees of the incoming gnp regime ."
we are trying to persuade them to help . somebody lost their mother or daughter or sister tuesday morning .
"washington cnn u . s . navy gunners in the pacific were watching the sea and sky wednesday , waiting for perfect conditions to take a kill shot on an errant satellite 150 miles above them ."
"construction , which began just 1 , 276 days ago , has been frenzied at times , one storey rises every three days ."
"korea s global competitiveness dropped five notches over the past year , due mainly to government inefficiency , a report showed yesterday ."
"woods also said he suffered a double stress fracture of his left tibia while preparing to return to the pga tour last month , which forced him to miss the memorial and was the source of his pain at torrey pines where he won the u . s . open ."
"he s gone from the fox show , but he says he s always looking for employment ."
"at world s end , and when he does , it s the tip of his nose that looms into screen left , eventually succeeded by a flaring nostril ."
"on the advice of a friend , mckeever took her mother to a gerontologist ."
"again , the dow is up nearly 300 points ."
"the korea times reports south korea yesterday played down claims by a senior north korean official that pyongyang has reprocessed and had weaponized 8 , 000 spent plutonium fuel rods as a deterrent against u . s . hostility ."
the h5n1 virus has already killed more than 120 people worldwide since 2003 .
"changes in the heat from the sun may be affecting the gas giant s atmosphere , she said ."
"the marek and sesnon blazes have burned more than 15 , 000 acres in the hills and mountains north of los angeles ."
"on april 9 , jack cafferty , a commentator on cnn s situation room program , used the term goons and thugs while describing the conditions in china years ago ."
flying with the flu ?
"lebanese security forces are targeting militants and are not randomly shooting into the refugee camp , chatah said ."
"and because of environmental degradation , aquaculture is growing in order to meet the demand ."
among the most contentious issues will be whether emission cuts should be mandatory or voluntary and how to help the world s poorest countries adapt to a warmer climate .
"the first pick in the nba draft this year could well be a 7 foot 5 chinese player , yao ming ."
"we re still very much affected by it on a daily basis , said tania garcia , whose sister marlyn was killed . it s an open wound , and every year that passes by just get worse and worse and worse ."
"23 people were taken in july and held captive by taliban forces , who killed two of them ."
"the fast rise in popularity of ohmynews , and other online news services , is partly attributable to the 70 percent penetration of homes with high speed broadband internet access connections more than anywhere else in the world ."
"russia delayed the launch of the plant , which had been set for september , and refused to ship uranium fuel for the reactor last month as earlier planned , citing iran s payment arrears ."
"taiwan s premier urged citizens on march 30 to postpone visits to china for the traditional ching ming tomb sweeping festival , as the island announced its 13th sars case ."
"as part of tougher measures against terrorist suspects , the government wants to strengthen the monitoring of terrorists after their release from prison and enable police to question suspects after they ve been charged ."
the supreme prosecutors office said it will file a third request for the warrants very soon with more evidence related to irregularities surrounding the texas based private equity fund s purchase of the korea exchange bank keb in 2003 .
"the tower will be built in the saudi town of jeddah and will be part of a larger project that will cost 26 . 7 billion , 100 billion saudi riyals said the prince s firm , kingdom holding company ."
he has made being prince of wales a pretty good thing .
us president george w bush is expected to push for nato s eastern expansion during a key summit in romania .
the next special session is to open in april .
the plane apparently struck a building bearing the airline s logo at the small domestic airport in the heart of the city .
"i inherited a recession , i m ending on a recession . in the meantime , there were 52 months of uninterrupted job growth , he said ."
"the other three men were believed to be linked to a suicide bomber who blew himself up in a casablanca internet cafe last month , as police tried to arrest him ."
former olympic 110 meters hurdles champion liu xiang could return from injury in time to meet arch rival dayron robles at the 2009 world championships in berlin .
"in oaxacan culture , the food and beverages are provided by a prospective bridegroom for the wedding , grebmeier said ."
a u . s . navy official said the iranian video appears to be truthful showing three ships making a transit of the strait of hormuz .
"speaking in a live television address on thursday , siniora thursday vowed to uproot terrorism from his country , blaming fatah al islam militants for using palestinian refugees as a prop to attempt to destabilize the country ."
they briefly waved to reporters along the way .
senators rejected a motion to take the bill to a final vote meaning action on the planned law is now unlikely until the presidential poll in 2008 .
the us and european union wanted the council to consider imposing sanctions but that was rejected by china .
"the official announcement was made in vientiane , laos , after a meeting between president roh moo hyun and singapore prime minister lee hsien loong ."
the story of a vicious scramble for a penthouse apartment once owned by a high society queen shows the life of new york city women through the lens of where they live .
heineken said volumes grew 18 percent in russia and it had maintained its market share .
almost everything recorded by the beatles from their early days in liverpool and hamburg to their break up in 1970 has been released to meet insatiable public appetite for anything to do with the legendary liverpool quartet .
"al qaeda plotter zacarias moussaoui says he has no regret , no remorse for the attacks on september 11 , 2001 in the us that killed nearly 3 , 000 people ."
this is a very big message from this show .
"a blanket of cool , damp ocean air is keeping a lid on the destructive wildfire near santa barbara , california ."
washington s top nuclear negotiator has indicated the united states is prepared to sign a peace treaty with north korea as part of a deal to resolve the current security standoff .
"britney spears says she hit rock bottom , in a message posted on her web site about the end of her marriage and her time in rehab ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"apple inc . will scrap online pricing policies across europe for itunes music downloads and soon charge consumers in britain and the rest of europe the same amount , the company and the european union said wednesday ."
"lt . gen . ray odierno , the no . 2 ranking u . s . commander in iraq , told cnn fewer weapons and fighters entered iraq from iran and syria over the past month ."
the family is concentrating on its internet and media campaigns to publicize her disappearance across europe .
lev said the zaraysk site was on a par with kostenski and avdeevo in terms of the splendor and variety of its art .
"in 2005 , 43 billion gallons hit worldwide stores"
"fahlman posted the emoticon in a message to an online electronic bulletin board at 11 44 a . m . on september 19 , 1982 , during a discussion about the limits of online humor and how to denote comments meant to be taken lightly ."
there has been talk of shutting down the habur border crossing the only vehicular route into iraq from turkey .
"naval air service mechanic henry allingham is the oldest , having turned 112 in june ."
thousands of spectators watched saturday as the two whales swam looping half mile laps around the port of sacramento after declining earlier efforts to lure them into the pacific ocean .
"calmest part of iraq , and could set a precedent for other countries , like iran , who also have conflicts with kurdish rebels ."
"bangalore , india cnn partway through a mammoth 40 hour operation on a 2 year old girl born with four arms and four legs , surgeons in india said the procedure is going according to plan , with no problems encountered ."
"today , the most popular form of dozens of varieties is made of cabbage and heavily laden with red pepper , salt , garlic and fermented shrimp and anchovies ."
pedro feliz singled home the go ahead run in the seventh and lidge closed out his perfect season to deliver to the city its first major sports championship in 25 years .
"the government estimates around 80 , 000 people are involved in prostitution in britain , with about 4 , 000 women having been trafficked for sexual exploitation ."
"fairey heard elden interviewed on the radio and one thing led to another , said the teen ."
"however , since assuming control of both the house and senate , democrats have had very little success in swaying the president s stance on the war ."
"korea s top finance regulator has expressed alarm about intensifying competition among banks to attract customers at the risk of low profits , saying he feared it could lead to a collapse of the whole industry ."
"beekeeping was widely practiced in the ancient world , where honey was used for medicinal and religious purposes as well as for food , and beeswax was used to make molds for metal and to create surfaces to write on ."
"the junior lee , who is 40 , presented himself before the counsel in the morning ."
"i saw the tremendous emotion and power of this day , the swearing in of the first african american president of the united states ."
"now , it is clear that the right thing to do is to listen to my doctors , follow through with this surgery and focus my attention on rehabilitating my knee , woods said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
something that will boost their capabilities at crucial moments is very important .
"even more important , by financing the rapid movement of new ideas and new business models into the market , venture capital is dramatically accelerating the rate of technological change ."
flying with the flu ?
"all of a sudden there was a loud bang . i thought it was a bomb , said surinder purewal , who works in the metropolitan police authority building opposite the structure . i saw the whole building come down , there was a lot of dust ."
"mateus friends ran to get his grandfather , who reached the scene and battled with the snake until he had hurt it so badly that it let go of his grandson ."
we will have an orbiting destination that we have spent multiple billions of dollars of u . s . taxpayer money to develop .
"new delhi , india cnn the brother of a man accused of being the mastermind in a kidney transplant scheme has been arrested by india s elite police force ."
magazine and was expected to receive a large payday for exclusive pictures of the newborn .
the prohibition of financial transactions and capital inflow is regarded as the most powerful punitive measure since it has been cited by pyongyang as one of the main reasons for boycotting six party talks and pressing ahead with its reported test of a nuclear device .
"but in a fractious meeting on tuesday , one republican senator sided with democrats demanding a fresh hearing to air allegations that bolton was a serial bully who intimidated junior members of staff ."
"at 5 p . m . , we are going to require all of our probation parole pardon sex offenders to report to the office and they ll remain here from 5 to 10 30 p . m , agent gerald black , with the south carolina department of probation , parole and pardon , told cnn affiliate wyff ."
haggard now sells insurance and debt reduction software .
"suharto was vilified as one of the world s most brutal rulers and was accused of overseeing a reign of corruption and , later , economic decline ."
"and cursed at andrew deetz , a photographer who says he was beaten by spears bodyguard on thursday , according to a statement released by deetz s lawyers ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the seoul metropolitan police agency s foreign affairs division said the clients were attempting to avoid school fees for their children studying in canada .
two people died tuesday when thai police clashed with thousands of anti government protesters who barricaded parliament and prevented lawmakers from leaving .
"cnn a ukrainian policeman has died of injuries sustained in clashes between serbian demonstrators and u . n . forces in kosovo , a u . n . spokesman said tuesday ."
still no sign of a recovery in the labor market
"double burials from the neolithic are unheard of , and these are even hugging ."
"in his last term , barr became an increasingly vocal critic of president bush ."
asked whether harwich police will be holding a holiday party in the storage bay
"chertoff has repeatedly expressed concern that terrorists could take advantage of the visa waiver program , which allows most europeans to travel to the united states without applying for a visa ."
"the 28 year old second lieutenant walked across the heavily fortified border at about 3 p . m . sunday , a defense ministry spokesman said ."
"khieu samphan s cambodian lawyer is say bory , the former president of the cambodian bar association and a member of the constitutional council , the country s highest legal body . say bory currently is legal adviser to former king norodom sihanouk , the statement said ."
the united states and some allies accuse iran of secretly trying to develop nuclear weapons .
draft likely to be reduced
"barks dale s most valuable asset is his self effacing , jimmy stewart style affability ."
"it s hard to tell because they bring all of their personal experiences , their life experiences , to this case ."
an actual building near washington square park
scott mclennan says the rover opportunity is headed for a rock deep inside the endurance crater and explained what they re looking for .
filippo inzaghi scored a last gasp equalizer after ronaldinho fired in a superb 30 meter free kick as italian giants ac milan hit back from two goals down for a 2 2 uefa cup draw at portsmouth .
"male octopuses put on feminine airs , such as swimming girlishly near the bottom and keeping their male brown stripes hidden in order to win unsuspecting conquests ."
city commissioner tim mahoney says nonessential businesses can turn the lights back on
the confrontation has brewed for weeks .
"talabani reiterated iraq s demand that pkk rebels lay down their arms , and restated calls for a diplomatic solution ."
"he also said the attack was probably the work of militants operating in swat and the federally administered tribal areas , which have long been havens for foreign fighters ."
"he is accused of creating slush funds to pay politicians and officials for business favors as well as transferring funds and shifting corporate control to his son , chung eui sun ."
"but the business community called for the korean confederation of trade unions to be more cautious and responsible . a major labor group yesterday vowed to stage strikes in june if its concerns , including an increase in the minimum wage , are not addressed during negotiations , the korea herald reports ."
draft likely to be reduced
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"led the nominees with five nods each , but each film had at least one snub ."
she told reporters sunday that she made the decision in order not to become a political burden to president lee .
"the figure represents almost half the families in britain , and the majority of the country s children ."
"at least half his male patients end up making an appointment only after they ve been prodded by a wife or other loved one , the doctor added ."
"of the buffalo field campaign , a group seeking to stop the slaughter program for good ."
"kuo is said to have handed the information to kang , a lawful resident alien also living in new orleans ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"lost an additional 100 points while he talked , so what s happening right now ?"
"a total of 1 , 000 test takers will undergo the internet based test comprised of four sections listening , speaking , reading and writing ."
"korea s top negotiator , told reporters during a briefing at the fifth round of talks held in big sky , montana ."
"while the earth is still shrouded in darkness , the clouds are illuminated by the first streaks of sunlight ."
lee was sent to work at a machine tool factory .
i notice a lot of times when people go to my shows they want to touch the sculptures .
"sixty million chinese faced the problem that their names use ancient characters so obscure that computers cannot recognize them and even fluent speakers were left scratching their heads , said li , according to a transcript of the briefing on the government web site www . gov . cn ."
later wednesday ana ivanovic takes on daniela hantuchova .
"her father is a drug addict , focused only on his next high her mom cares for the little ones , and heavy responsibility falls on banafsha s young shoulders ."
"a perfect time to catch up on novels , watch cheesy movies , and drink hot chocolate with marshmallows ."
"fifty two percent of registered democrats questioned in a new cnn opinion research corporation survey say the senator from illinois is their choice for president , with 45 percent supporting clinton ."
the incident marked the second school building collapse in the country in less than a week .
towns and cities hold parades over memorial day weekend .
cheney left australia on sunday after a three day visit to thank the government for contributing troops to iraq and afghanistan .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"she worked remotely for her old employer until october , and has been looking for a full time position for more than a year now , but says she can t even get in the door for an interview ."
"about a dozen visitors were quarantined , but most were quickly released when it became apparent they did not have sars ."
"the protesters , who are demanding the resignation of the prime minister , have clashed with some of the police who have surrounded the airport ."
administration officials say gm is being given 60 days to restructure chrysler is getting 30 days to completely join forces with fiat of italy .
the official draw was held at the asia football confederation s headquaters .
"for about a week , yi will undergo various medical check ups while adjusting to gravity in the gagarin space center hospital ."
a percentage that increases every year
"severe thunderstorms spawned at least 3 tornadoes in east central alabama yesterday , destroying a church , several homes , damaging other homes and a school"
"a dna test confirmed him as the father with 99 . 99 percent certainty , said dr . michael baird , who performed the test and revealed the results to a closed session of a bahamian court tuesday ."
"putin said the new pipeline s annual capacity may reach at least 20 billion cubic meters of gas by 2012 , while russian industry and energy minister viktor khristenko told reporters that it could eventually carry 30 billion cubic meters a year ."
"when we have a test available which is fully validated , we use it and we don t hesitate to test retroactively , moreau said ."
"military power should still be used , she emphasized , but only as a last resort ."
a senate committee named the islamic american relief agency as a group with suspected links to international terrorism in 2004 .
"airbus is reviewing whether workers and suppliers are ready for the change , and whether the delivery schedule can be maintained , schaffrath said ."
troops and war planes are trying to drive out taliban militants .
a lot of anxiety among the breadwinner or the person that s watching their money go down .
"in a chairman s statement they adopted at the end of the asia pacific economic cooperation apec summit , they expressed strong concerns about pyongyang s nuclear test on oct ."
"investigations of their acquaintances , friends , and family and checks on whether their assets are in line with their earnings ."
he suffered a stroke in 2000 .
"feng shuyong , vice director of the chinese athletics administrative centre , told the china daily"
"in response to mass protests in 2003 and 2004 , beijing made some concessions , namely offering to enlarge the 800 strong election committee charged with selecting a new leader ."
the pilgrims are massed in tent cities on the outskirts of mecca .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"security officers prevented the two bombers from entering the pakistan navy war college in the eastern city of lahore , according to a statement issued by the pakistani military s inter services public relations agency ."
"feed her under the table , tilly has always been a happy dog during the season of giving ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"rescuers struggled to reach some of the hardest hit areas of southwestern china on tuesday after a massive earthquake that left a death toll well above 12 , 000 ."
"the courjaults , who have two other children , had until wednesday maintained their innocence ."
"it was a diver diving into a pool which had multi color ripple effects , the spokeswoman said ."
gesshinkyo serves a modern version of the style .
the resort also has seven restaurants and the kids will especially like the outdoor fire pit .
advocates for those suffering from a host of diseases
he said it moved at about 6 mph 10 kph and kept a fairly straight course .
"the study suggested that the design of the bridge s main truss could cause a collapse if one of two support planes were to become cracked , although it said a collapse might not occur in that event ."
"even if the method described by scientists wednesday works in humans , it would demand too much of a precious resource women s unfertilized eggs ."
"up to mach 1 . 6 , much faster than the speed of sound and twice as fast as the quickest business jets today , according to executives of aerion corp . , the u . s . company pushing the plane ."
"appearing at her nomination hearing in the assembly , kim unveiled her progressive views by also supporting increasing calls to revise the national security law and reiterating her opposition to capital punishment ."
"nanotubes are tube shaped pieces of carbon , measuring about 1 10 , 000 of the thickness of a human hair ."
"the nation s late founder and first president , kim il sung , led pro independence guerrillas ."
"i was really struggling to get the message across that green weddings are about eco chic , not lentils and hessian , said green wedding planner ruth culver ."
the public s reaction to polaroid s announcement reflects that .
"i , by choice , am not an activist at this point , nicholson said . i think sean penn is the greatest living american in a certain way , because he s a man of action ."
"with 23 percent of precincts reporting , clinton was leading barack obama by 12 percentage points ."
"the bank attributed the losses to fraud by kerviel , who traded european index futures for the bank ."
"we ll make that evaluation on thursday , where we think he s at , girardi said . one thing you can t do is rush him and then lose him for a long period of time ."
"republican presidential candidate rudy giuliani reported a whopping 16 . 1 million in earned income over the past 16 months , most of it in speaking fees , according to financial documents filed wednesday ."
she previously was hospitalized for two days in february following a fall at her home in suburban los angeles .
"the seven time tour champion , who is making a comeback after three years in retirement , said in an interview in the guardian on tuesday that he is concerned about his safety ."
"a train crash in a remote location in central democratic republic of congo killed at least 68 people , the united nations peacekeeping force said on thursday ."
"the allegation of mistreatment of prisoners makes the u . s . and coalition forces a legitimate enemy in the eyes of more arabs than was the case before , said anthony cordesman , an expert on middle east security issues at the center for strategic and international studies . the reported abuse of iraqi prisoners by u . s . soldiers threatens to undermine part of george w ."
it is one of the largest and oldest armed groups pushing for the rights of the ethnic madhesi people in southern nepal .
"while these three officers have served their country and corps exceedingly well for decades , their actions , inactions and decisions in the aftermath of the haditha incident did not meet the high standards we expect of marine senior officer leadership , gen . james t . conway , commandant of the marine corps , said in a written statement ."
"for neville , new orleans hasn t been the same since hurricane katrina roared through in august 2005 , flooding 80 percent of the city including his house ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
i think that s now obvious .
"the team is collecting opinions from experts and security related organizations on measures to upgrade english education for men and women in uniform , he added ."
"he is widely credited with introducing the idea of the communications satellite , the first of which were launched in the early 1960s ."
"while on tour in europe last month , lee said , the whole world knows the grand national party is bad , and if the grand national party takes power , history will roll backwards ."
the bombing is the latest to hit sri lanka since the government s january withdrawal from a cease fire with the tamil tigers .
"the cruise company has attributed the sinking to human error , without naming a culprit ."
hill said any decision to lift its financial sanctions against north korea will depend on what measures north korea would take in the future .
"it is likely to pass because mugabe s zanu pf party dominates parliament , analysts say ."
klein notes that the expectation of eternally passionate sex may be setting people up to fail .
draft likely to be reduced
"i don t know but i ve always had a fetish for spears , swords , togas and laurels ."
draft likely to be reduced
diamond sells for recession busting 24 . 3 m
"while authorities did not immediately say who they believed was behind the incident saturday , reports on the web sites of dailies el pais , el mundo and la vanguardia s said three warnings had been received by basque newspaper gara , which violent basque separatist group eta often uses as a conduit for bomb warnings ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"as the eldest sister , she tends to her siblings ."
this can cause a person to forget his or her children .
the sides set the end of 2008 as a goal for completing a peace treaty .
"the korea times reports yongi kongju in south chungchong province was officially picked as the site for south korea s new administrative capital on wednesday , promptly adding fuel to a simmering debate on the capital relocation project across the nation ."
"cnn an us airways pilot who aviation officials say accidentally fired his handgun in the cockpit during a flight will be fired , a spokesman for a flight officers group said ."
the president and the queen took markedly different approaches to their formal remarks .
the work was funded by the chinese national natural science foundation and university of iowa .
"asked about reports that the transition team already has identified a number of areas where obama could issue executive orders as soon as he takes office , john podesta said he would not preview decisions that obama has yet to make ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
kumar was on the run for two weeks before being captured in neighboring nepal .
"the watercube was built at a cost of more than us 200 million euro136 million , with donations of us 110million euro75 million from people in hong kong , macau and taiwan ."
"the government seems to be targeting students , apparently fearing some might mount pro tibet demonstrations during the games ."
south africa has become notorious for its high rate of violent crime .
the final confirmation will be made next month after a series of public hearings and presidential approval .
ap capitol hill correspondent jerry bodlander reports the agreement between president bush and the congressional democrats is a stop gap measure
"i am concerned that given the circumstances of syrian behavior in lebanon . . . talking with syria now about iraq would have downsides for us in terms of lebanon , in terms of what syria would be looking for , in terms of how it would be perceived , rice said ."
"past space wanderers have already tested the space road , including asteroids and comets ."
the people s choice awards are on january 7 .
dutch reports put the transfer fee at euro20 million 25 million .
"the american people , as opposed to some of their leaders , seek no converts to their ideology ."
the incident marked the second school building collapse in the country in less than a week .
"the latest victim is believed to be 28 year old sim sung min , one of the remaining 22 south korean hostages ."
"the campaigns have spent an estimated 2 billion over the past twenty plus months , and now we are inside the last two days of campaigning before tuesday s election ."
"another 18 were wounded in the suicide attack in mardan , in pakistan s north west frontier province , a police official said ."
"his forthcoming arrival triggered a nervous reaction from lee myung bak , the candidate of the opposition grand national party gnp and former business partner of kim ."
"gutierrez , who was governor from 1995 to 2003 , was accused of conspiring with shinohara and yingling to use government employees and 64 , 000 in government materials on his two story ranchhouse ."
the former chairwoman of virginia tech s english department was so concerned about cho seung hui s anger in the fall of 2005 that she took him out of a creative writing class and taught him one on one .
"hillary clinton , the prohibitive favorite in the democratic presidential race just months ago , faces the possible end of her white house road on tuesday in ohio and texas ."
"along with the utilities questions , he apologized publicly just three days after taking office for not declaring 8 , 500 in political donations ."
"mike huckabee was third with 15 percent . republicans in michigan voted in the presidential race on tuesday , with native son mitt romney battling for political survival in a primary that could either revive or sink his campaign ."
we offer our deepest condolences to barack obama and his family as they grieve the loss of their beloved grandmother .
"despite overwhelming financial and political odds , i am proud of the campaign we waged , he said ."
"the humba group had nine members at last count , said pierre peron of virunga national park , and experts are eager to see how many it now includes ."
ex king gyanendra made remarks to reporters before departing the narayanhiti royal palace in kathmandu .
"los angeles , california cnn lindsay lohan was sued tuesday for assault and negligence by a woman who was a passenger in a car the actress is accused of chasing while under the influence of drugs or alcohol ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the communist authorities often block news sites such as the bbc in a policy dubbed the great firewall of china .
"after the year i ve had and the whole team has had , to be crowned sports personality of the year , it just means so much . this is the big one and this is just unbelievable ."
"the plane was equipped with an emergency locator transmitter , according to geoff farrington of kapowsin air sports , which owns the plane ."
"passenger flights remained grounded , but cargo , military and emergency flights had resumed by tuesday afternoon at bangkok s suvarnabhumi international airport , spokeswoman monrudee kettuphan said ."
"the national transportation safety board planned to begin an investigation tuesday , the sheriff said ."
"on the ground , troops are edging closer to gaza city ."
he was released on august 22 because the court had still not issued sentencing papers .
"fargo , north dakota will be open for business in the morning"
"these are university theories , said jim prevor , editor of produce business magazine . they re not mapped to things that actually exist ."
gas prices are at their lowest levels in nearly five years
armenian president robert kocharian declared a state of emergency saturday night that he hoped would bring order to yerevan .
"handling customer demands and keeping up with paperwork would leave anyone frazzled , but peek , 56 , has found a way to cope with the stress ."
"in a statement sent thursday to the south , a north korean general threatened the country would take unspecified countermeasures against its neighbor , yonhap news agency reported , without citing any source ."
the minimum age was raised to its current 16 in 1997 .
barcelona have 13 points after five rounds from sporting with nine and shakhtar on six .
a government official told cnn s jeanne meserve that a note has been found indicating cho showed anger against rich kids .
dog owners say their pets show no reluctance to donate blood . he knows where we re going .
then pour on club soda and do the same thing .
"meanwhile , writers returned to the picket lines after their strike forced at least eight prime time shows , including the popular nbc sitcom the office , to halt production ."
the us episcopal church has chosen a woman as its next leader making it the first church anywhere in the anglican denomination to do so .
apple inc . and the beatles company apple corps .
"among the worst hit , bnp paribas lost 3 percent , while royal bank of scotland dropped 2 percent ."
cnn talks between u . n . envoy ibrahim gambari and myanmar s secretive military leader were stalled for another day on monday .
"the north koreans haven t seen this many americans since the korean war , but they are pulling out all the stops ."
mary ewert said her husband wanted his death to be filmed in order to show that a terminal illness does not have to result in a painful death .
"indonesian police arrested six pro tibet protesters and took down anti chinese banners and signs outside the sports complex , according to a protest organizer ."
the transition team is scheduled to hold a hearing on the educational reform with experts on wednesday to raise awareness .
zvonareva became increasingly frustrated and collapsed to the ground when the american broke in the final set to go 3 1 up .
"i do hope after my crossing that more people will follow suit , said president roh at the border ."
"matsuzawa , a pioneer in studying the mental abilities of chimps , said even he was surprised ."
"at least one doctor was arrested , police said , and at least two patients one from greece and the other from the united states initially were detained before being freed ."
"in much rarer instances , boulders one kilometer or greater in size have smacked into the planet and snuffed out most life forms , much like the 10 km long monster thought to have forced dinosaurs to exit stage left about 65 million years ago , according to scientists ."
she has massaged patients with rashes and just avoids those areas so it isn t a complete deal breaker .
"spring began this morning , coming in at 7 44 eastern time , but winter is giving parts of the northeast a snowy goodbye ?"
"steffen estimates sea levels could rise three feet over the next century , a stark prediction that could wreak havoc around the world if it comes to pass ."
"such as its size and mass . professor reinhard genzel , who led the study at the bavaria based max planck institute for extraterrestrial physics , said the data collected proved the existence of the black hole beyond any reasonable doubt ."
living in a cage in hong kong
zuma was sacked by mbeki as vice president in 2005 after his financial adviser was jailed for corruption .
"a cable anchored to the earth s surface , reaching tens of thousands of kilometers into space , balanced with a counterweight attached at the other end is the basic design for the elevator ."
"north koreans usually wear two badges , honoring the country s present and past leaders , kim and his father , kim il sung ."
police say the area they re searching is the last place her cell phone gave off a signal .
"he has already served three years , according to his attorney , joseph tacopina ."
"because of the impact from house mice , introduced to the island by sealers in the 18th and 19th centuries , conservation alliance birdlife international earlier this year listed both the tristan albatross and the gough bunting as critically endangered the highest threat level before extinction ."
the 10 . 5 million square foot venetian twice the size of the las vegas original is the largest building in asia and the second largest in the world .
"no charges have yet been announced for seven other people , including other doctors , who have been arrested ."
"chang said the monkey has been placed with a rescue center for abandoned primates , but it could have been living out its life with its family in its native habitat ."
"khirbat en nahas is an arid region south of the dead sea , in jordan s faynan district ."
"later in the morning , hamas gunmen surrounded the home of fatah spokesman maher mekdad ."
"oefelein , 41 , was the pilot of the last shuttle mission , also aboard discovery , which flew in december 2006 ."
president barack obama s 825 billion plan to jump start the economy could clear the house today .
"i turned around , and it was like bodies falling out of the sky ."
chinese hopeful liu will return for berlin
"we were operating in the corridors , patients were lying everywhere , and people were dying before they got treatment , he said ."
"it looks like it s slowly filling up with water again , said andres rivera , a glacier expert who headed a team which recently flew over the lake in a bid to solve the mystery ."
"rio de janeiro , brazil ap police in brazil have arrested the widow of a multimillionaire lottery winner , while prosecutors decide whether to charge her in his killing ."
pepper hasn t addressed the rock band s complaint .
"still , in the current volatile political environment , last minute snags remain possible , with several opposition leaders claiming the government is preparing to rig the vote ."
he said that his brother had been hopeful of a good performance at the french open this year .
"it s also higher than the proportion of either men or women 64 percent and 65 percent , respectively who currently believe the nation is ready for a woman in the white house ."
"we felt we had to react to the news that an earth like planet , which could support intelligent life had been discovered , sharpe said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
i need to feel your warm embrace ! according to court papers .
"extreme sexual violence against women is pervasive in the democratic republic of congo drc and local authorities do little to stop it or prosecute those responsible , a u . n . investigator said on monday ."
"a pool and jogging path overlook the bay , as do 49 bayview rooms ."
"almeida said ibama believes the increase in snakes is a result of rising deforestation by loggers , ranchers and developers in the amazon jungle surrounding the belem urban area ."
the researchers said they believe these are the first studies to show a link between decaf coffee and rheumatoid arthritis .
the employment agreement reflects sharp realities in the labor market .
they have since battled to win the backing of centrist voters who will hold the key on the may 6 run off .
"darling confirmed that sir richard branson s virgin group and northern rock s own board had prepared commercial bids to buy the bank , but said the government s advisers at the investment bank goldman sachs had concluded the numbers did not stack up and the better deal was temporary public ownership ."
"stoy s chat room , which is affiliated with the non profit group take off pounds sensibly tops , has about 1 , 000 members ."
a volvo ocean race spokesman told cnn that the course had been changed to help dodge the piracy threat .
"the commercial will also run on univision , bet , msnbc and tv one ."
police cordoned off the new life church and locked down several local buildings .
"anwar now leads the people s justice party , which is contesting the most number of parliamentary seats of any opposition group in saturday s ballot ."
"they will be joined by the red hot chili peppers , keane , foo fighters and others ."
north korea has few air links with the outside world and its officials often travel via china .
greg lynch was already making plans for what happens when his daughter gets home .
the north koreans floated the proposal in talks with u . s . envoys in beijing last week .
south african president thabo mbeki called for an investigation into the violence .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"schools and shops hurriedly closed as hordes of young men , shouting allahu akhbar , or god is great , ignited makeshift street barricades made of tires and garbage , sending plumes of black smoke rising above the city ."
the officials said obama is also expected to finally confirm that he is keeping defense secretary robert gates in his current post .
a total of 431 hectares were destroyed .
"other than republican caucuses in maine this weekend , florida is the last contest before the coast to coast primaries and caucuses on february 5 , known as super tuesday ."
"and john b . bellinger iii , who was the national security council s top lawyer until january 2005 ."
"after hearing the projections , obama and vice president elect joe biden argued that we were being too timid and that we needed to develop a plan that would save or create at least 3 million jobs , the aide said ."
where is the gentleman ship ?
"speaking in johnstown , pennsylvania , obama said he did not discuss leahy s call for clinton to drop out with the vermont senator , who serves as chairman of the senate judiciary committee ."
law professor jonathan turly represents mrs .
"white house spokeswoman dana perino accused the democrats of releasing the report for partisan reasons and to muddy the waters after a series of positive reports from iraq including a reduction in violence , increased economic capacity of the country , and signs of continued political reconciliation from the bottom up ."
"police said anacondas are not uncommon in the region where the attack occurred , but attacks on people are rare ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
business people who normally hop day flights between las vegas and california were seen in hotel lobbies scrambling to find an available room .
"the 15 , 000 seat arena in graz has now reportedly reverted to its original name of liebenau stadium ."
"i m of two minds about this , said the illinois senator in a cbs interview last week . on the one hand , i think that what s happened in tibet , and china s support of the sudanese government in darfur , is a real problem ."
"fda is taking this action to protect the public health of the american people , he said . watch more on the fda s import alert on five kinds of fish from china . raquo"
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
nearly 600 people have died in the past two weeks alone .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the tracks show that their owners were descending , not climbing , he said ."
he was wrong about the surge in iraq .
"in london , brent crude fell 14 cents to us 101 . 50 a barrel on the ice futures exchange ."
"although haiti was spared a direct hit , the civil protection bureau said at least two people were killed and 10 were injured ."
"chinese ambassador qian hongshan and scores of blue uniformed chinese laborers who built the new 40 million queen s park stadium as a gift from beijing were visibly uncomfortable as taiwan s anthem echoed inside the 20 , 000 seat venue ."
"rapid advances in the computer and telecommunications technologies have drawn valuable business information , as well as personal communications , out into the open ."
"half a block from the area where stars arrived , supporters of u . s . troops in iraq chanted usa , usa , and held a banner reading god bless america ."
one of the milwaukee offenders was arrested after police found a candy dish
president bush on thursday said serious and complex challenges remain in iraq that will prevent further withdrawals of u . s . troops this summer despite a reduction in violence in the past year .
"at the french open , roddick s best showing came in his debut in 2001 when he reached the third round ."
but a national weather service meteorologist told the southern florida based sun sentinel that there were no major storms in the area at the time electricity went out that would cause such a large failure .
"police arrested a man who attempted to kidnap a 10 year old schoolgirl in ilsan , north of seoul , monday ."
"norristown , pennsylvania cnn a pennsylvania teen jailed on suspicion of plotting a columbine style attack on his old school exchanged e mail with the disturbed student who killed eight people in a similar shooting in finland , the boy s lawyer said monday ."
"atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick faces criminal charges and a possible prison sentence for allegedly participating in an enterprise that trained pit bulls for death matches in which spectators bet on the outcome , federal prosecutors announced tuesday ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"let me be clear this is a very , very important hearing , said sen . chuck schumer of new york . it s make or break for the attorney general . alberto gonzales is the central figure in this investigation ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"but one of the victims , bruce fromong , describes the incident as a home invasion type robbery , and police say they ve retrieved the guns that were used ."
"fashion designers are giving new life to worthless candy wrappers , newspapers and plastic bags turning trash into trendy tote bags , purses and jewelry ."
russia also places restrictions on travelers with hiv .
"i wanted it to be real , he said ."
"these two groups of mammoths were living in the same environment but were not interbreeding , causing low genetic diversity in their population ."
"the issue of whether to allow north korea to develop a civilian nuclear power program is not likely to be an obstacle that would derail the six party talks on the north s nuclear arms program , the top u . s . envoy to the talks said in washington ."
"i m staying in utah until it s time to shoot dare to love me , and then i plan on returning to utah so i can stay focused , and avoid other distractions , she tells ok !"
"racing against ibm s tight deadline , allen got in touch with a local hardware vendor that did have an os , seattle computer products ."
"north korea s air force fields hundreds of aircraft , but the vast majority are ageing soviet models such as the mig 21 fighter or chinese copies outclassed by more modern aircraft fielded by the us , south korea or japan ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
libby was convicted tuesday of lying and obstructing an investigation into the bush administration s actions leading into the iraq war .
"stingray city , grand cayman"
pyongyang walked away from the talks weeks later to protest a u . s . crackdown on banks suspected of helping north korea with illegal financial activities .
"an iranian official , however , said it was not a serious incident , the state run news agency irna reported ."
"the president and the prime minister want a majority to support the government s actions and to allow reforms , ump spokesman luc chatel said at a press briefing after the meeting ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"sen . barack obama has clinched the democratic nomination for president , according to cnn estimates , making him the first african american in u . s . history to lead a major party ticket ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"they rifled through documents in the many offices , finding ornate boxes of stationery and a portable stereo ."
"the singer died tuesday morning in a los angeles hospital while awaiting a lung transplant , said goulet spokesman norm johnson ."
"space travel , security threats and increasing passenger numbers are forcing major changes in the way airports are designed ."
"over the next couple of days , sen . kennedy will undergo further evaluation to determine the cause of the seizure , and a course of treatment will be determined at that time , said dr . larry ronan , kennedy s primary care"
draft likely to be reduced
"known as greenhouse gases because they retain heat in the atmosphere , carbon dioxide and several other gases are thought by many scientists to be contributing to climate change ."
"police announced saturday that they would maintain strict control of any antiglobalization protests against the wef at the shilla hotel and said they had deployed 1 , 300 policemen near the hotel in central seoul ."
"also thursday , at least four mortar rounds landed inside baghdad s heavily fortified green zone , which houses the u . s . embassy , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
"the result , according to obama ? gaps in wealth in this country grow wider , while the costs to working people are greater ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"according to world health organization figures , 206 people have died worldwide from the h5n1 strain since 2003 ."
"sales rose 10 . 5 percent to 8 . 30 trillion yen while net profit rose 2 . 2 percent to 126 . 33 billion yen , boosted by the strong performance of sony ericsson , the world s fourth largest mobile phone maker owned jointly by sony and ericsson"
hudson also has been nominated four times for grammys .
"the president laughed at being asked about his relationship at all , noting the french media rarely touched on the private lives of his predecessors , while his love life is front page news ."
"brazil has been awarded the 2014 world cup finals , fifa president sepp blatter announced tuesday ."
"london , england cnn josephs and marys in search of a room at the inn this christmas are being made an offer they can t refuse ."
beijing has widely advertised the new net services even before issuing a planned set of behavior regulations .
on friday leaders at the summit called for new rules in dealing with international finance .
"they were also using techno savvy web sites such as twitter , google maps and flickr to share individual voting experiences , as well as monitor polling places across the country on tuesday ."
"in 2005 , insurgents in iraq kidnapped and killed two algerian diplomats ."
"road accidents are common in much of africa , where poor road conditions coupled with badly maintained vehicles make for precarious driving conditions ."
he said he would respond to the negative criticism by pressing ahead with reforms .
"beijing , china cnn monday brought welcome relief to millions of chinese migrant workers desperate to see their families , as the nation s transportation system seemed to be getting back on its feet after being paralyzed by a historic winter storm ."
"of the 2 . 3 million people who live in kuwait , only about 115 , 000 are registered voters ."
"cnn eight florida teenagers six of them girls will be tried as adults and could be sentenced to life in prison for their alleged roles in the videotaped beating of another teen , the state attorney s office said thursday ."
"communist china is pursuing new technology aggressively , it says , legitimately through research and business deals and illegally through industrial espionage ."
are you ready to make john mccain the next president of the united states ?
harvard alum senator ted kennedy will be getting an honor from his alma mater that puts him in rather elite company .
"one official said more than 4 , 400 people had died there , while thousands more were missing ."
"yammer , for instance , claims to have better security than the free twitter , and it charges a small per head fee ."
"ethiopia , which sent soldiers to somalia late last year to wipe out islamic militants , is not part of the peacekeeping force and hoping to withdraw ."
"with your help , along with the service and sacrifice of americans across the nation who are hungry for change and ready to bring it about , i have faith that all will in fact be well . and it is with that faith , and the high hopes i have for the enduring power of the american idea , that i offer the people of my beloved home a very affectionate thanks ."
iraqi police said say two policemen were killed in the blast and at least five civilians were injured .
"what is being called the long march is the first organized protest against pakistan s new government , which has yet to deliver its promise to reinstate pakistani chief justice iftikhar chaudhry and about 60 other judges ."
"appa , who like most sherpas goes by only one name , reached the summit along with several colleagues ."
"airports were closed again last night , and greyhound passengers were forced to camp out in stations in portland , oregon , and seattle ."
but polls leading up to the primary showed clinton with a commanding lead beating obama by about 30 percentage points .
"north korea says it will punish the us , after claiming it is conducting spying flights over its territorial waters ."
i want him to once again liberate us from the problems that divided east timor in last year s crisis .
"about 3 million people live in new delhi s slums , the government estimates ."
"identified as muntadhar al zaidi , a journalist with al baghdadia television network could be heard yelling in arabic"
"jane mccann , director of smart clothes and wearable technology at the university of wales , says the clothing and electronics industries are collaborating in an unprecedented way what she describes as a new industrial revolution ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the iraqi military said four soldiers were killed and six others wounded in the day s strikes , during which it said a total 72 cruise missiles were fired ."
"lohan also talks about another member of the young hollywood set , 25 year old pop star britney spears , who embarked on a bout of bizarre behavior after filing for divorce from kevin federline in november ."
"president roh moo hyun on wednesday surprisingly fired minister of justice kang kum sil , who has been one of his favorite cabinet members at the start of his term nearly one and a half years ago ."
"the turner prize , named for 19th century landscape painter j . m . w . turner , was established in 1984 to honor young artists ."
"until now , the focus has been on raising awareness of global poverty and encouraging activists to lobby congress to devote more money to the cause ."
"so it s very heartening for me to have some confirmation that his situation isn t grave . it was probably smart for them apple to announce it at this time , because there s been an inordinate amount of speculation ."
"u . n . secretary general ban ki moon urged all nations on wednesday to stand united against terrorism , calling it the scourge of our times ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the reason why rfid is often called next generation bar code is that the technology is more accurate , scanners can read more objects with less directional contact , and smaller chips can contain a larger quantity of information ."
she told the newspaper she had gone bare breasted after running the 2004 city marathon without police bothering her .
the two year study of three new cars found anecdotal evidence that drivers were becoming ill when they drove their cars .
uk parliamentarians and celebrity campaigners launched a bid on wednesday to impeach tony blair for gross misconduct over his justification for the iraq war .
"historians say that up to 200 , 000 women mostly from korea and china served in japanese military brothels throughout asia in the 1930s and 40s ."
"the move will save about 1 , 700 tons of carbon annually the equivalent of removing about 2 , 400 cars from the road each year when the national rollout is completed next year , the oak brook , illinois based company said ."
"iran s fars news agency estimated 800 people , mostly young , were gathered at the mosque saturday to hear a prominent local cleric s sermon denouncing baha i and wahhabi faiths both of which are considered heretical by some shiites ."
"the so called my party worm , which is not considered destructive , microsoft windows address book and outlook express database ."
"the bomb , which injured 22 others , apparently was in a rickshaw that was being examined at a police checkpoint around 8 25 a . m . local time in the town of bannu , said police officer habib khan ."
japanese nobel prize laureate said japan s military ambition is in a serious condition .
shukor s religion also requires that he face mecca for prayer but clerics decided that the exact location matters only for the beginning of the prayer ritual .
"massage that stimulates those glands could be detrimental , young says ."
draft likely to be reduced
iran has denied those assertions .
"one of the teens was arrested sunday , police said , while the second surrendered to authorities sunday night ."
"but a political party can post messages on its homepage to inform the public of its arguments , policies and platforms ."
"chirac , at a news conference later , praised bush for getting"
"it s your day to reflect on all you ve achieved , or should i say all that you ve endured ."
president barack obama is weighing in on the spiraling economy and the recovery package in an op ed piece in this morning s washington post .
"you need to decide which side of the cross you re on , he warns ferris ."
"i think that we re looking at to see where we can move forward , whether that s on energy transformation , on improving health care , on stem cell research , he said ."
"the us state department authorized the trip , despite deadlock on the issue of north korea s nuclear program ."
"the party , however , appears to be softening its objection to han s appointment following resignations of three of lee s minister nominees ."
"it comes after the release of the first iraq strategy document , which rejects widespread calls for a timetable ."
tsuchida said the technology driving the race to build the first space elevator is the quickly developing material carbon nanotube .
"i think he will try to avoid sounding too hawkish at this stage . a hike by the summer is already priced in and bond yields have gone up quite a bit , said hiroshi shiraishi , an economist at lehman brothers ."
an italian policeman is to be charged with voluntary homicide in relation to the shooting incident which claimed the life of a lazio fan at the weekend .
"judge juliana kalichszteim issued the injunction in response to a lawsuit by the jewish federation of rio de janeiro , which asked for the float be removed from this city s famed carnival parade next week , said lara voges , a spokeswoman for the judge ."
it s usually easier to lose weight by changing your diet than to exercise three or four hours a day .
"i m so excited , williams said ."
"asked whether he believes iranians have stopped interfering and providing military resources or training to groups within the country , al rubaie responded , that is absolutely right ."
"mice and humans each have about 30 , 000 genes , yet only 300 are unique to either organism ."
washington had said it would not delist north korea until pyongyang agreed to set up an internationally recognizable mechanism to verify it was revealing all its nuclear secrets .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"a fifth man , former soldier stephen green , has been charged in a civilian court in kentucky with murder and sexual assault ."
the california supreme court has legalized same sex marriage .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
neindorf said he plans to sue the boy s parents .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"royal dutch shell , europe s largest oil company , reported a 31 . 3 billion yearly net profit on thursday , due to divestments and higher oil prices ."
"north korea , denying any wrongdoing , has claimed the restrictions are evidence of washington s hostile attitude toward it and prove it needs nuclear weapons to protect itself ."
"students and staff gathered outside the university s main administration building on monday morning for a minute s silence , after which a single bell tolled 32 times and the 32 white balloons were released ."
"lebanese troops fired their guns into the air to disperse protesters in the suburb of shiah , and one of the bullets struck ahmed hamzah , who later died in a hospital , a spokesman for the opposition movement amal told cnn ."
that s the primary role we want to use them in .
"the film s quirky silent scenes portraying , amongst others , two londoners fighting over a pint of milk , amused festival goers and critics , and later the judges at the prestigious cannes festival ."
the senate vote came only an hour after george w bush made his third vow in less than a week to veto such a law .
"it s e 1 , just one more day until election day , and the last full day of campaigning is underway !"
koizumi will have a great victory on the general election .
"catherine hinkle , 52 , a pharmacist from overland park , kansas , recently spent more than 200 after a taping ."
"most of canada s 2 , 500 troops in afghanistan are in kandahar as part of the nato led mission to stabilize the war torn country ."
"2 leader said that while seoul would not tolerate the north s alleged atomic weapons program , it wanted to move ahead with reconciliation efforts ."
the 46664 campaign has done great work in putting the global spotlight on the issue of hiv and aids
"most of those killed were foreign nationals , and about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified , according to thailand s state run thai news agency tna ."
"the men planned to kill more than 100 african americans , including 14 who would be beheaded , according to the affidavit ."
"since 1999 , the united nations has been running the serbian province with nato peacekeepers , who still number about 16 , 000 ."
chung presented himself yesterday morning at the supreme prosecutors office to be questioned about allegations that the hyundai group created a slush fund to bribe officials .
but privacy advocates say etc could turn highways into massive surveillance systems .
"on their cell phones commuting to work , on their laptops and home computers in the evenings and on weekends ."
"in the statement , army of islam appears to link the detention of its members with the renewed threat to johnston s life , calling the detention a declaration of war ."
"in a crowded place like this island , where most people live in apartments or in densely populated towns , unlicensed breeders are tempted to cut dogs vocal cords to keep them from disturbing neighbors and attracting the attention of authorities , the activists say ."
"it s a commonplace for them to go and , at least thousands of people , visit the place on the weekend ."
flying with the flu ?
"the big gate and two cars near it were all burnt and black , and broken glass , bricks and rubbish were everywhere ."
"the us , which has had a military presence in south korea since the end of world war ii , currently has about 37 , 000 troops in the country , to complement the south s own force ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"littlebigplanet , described by review web site ign . com as an instant classic , has been pulled from warehouses after it was noticed that one of its music tracks contained words from the islamic holy text , the quran ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"that state , make sure voter registration is free of fraud , is now headed to the supreme court ."
"the parents told police they had left the girl and her siblings asleep in the unlocked apartment as they dined just meters away , checking on them frequently ."
only six times in the 58 year history of the guild awards has the winner failed to go on to receive the directing oscar .
the sound of the gunshot sparked an immediate security alert .
"the second lowest month for american deaths was in february 2004 , when 20 were killed ."
they also cited similarities to a bomb blast at a hyderabad mosque in may which killed 11 people .
"the tanker s owner said no one on board suffered injuries in the attack , which yemen s state news agency , saba , blamed on somali pirates ."
cooper said more hollywood types are now interested .
"at least once a month , she sends her shopping list to safeway in fairbanks and pays a small airline to fly her groceries across 300 roadless miles to the athabascan indian village of 100 people on the banks of the yukon river ."
he warned parents to beware of wooden toys made from pressed wood or particle board .
smith also told reporters on a visit to the united nations in new york that he understood that a private family memorial service had taken place in the city .
"but disagreements remain over the governor s other priorities , including an energy plan that rendell has insisted the legislature approve before he signs the budget , said sen . gibson e . armstrong ."
"the united states and the eu nations supporting the draft said they want swift action on the resolution , which would end u . n . administration of the serb province in 120 days and hand over the supervised transition to the eu . nato led troops would remain to help ensure security and an international civilian administrator would be appointed ."
catch a ride on the nostalgia train
a french justice ministry spokesman interviewed on france info radio said that all six zoe s ark aid workers would be released during the coming hours .
chirac asked .
"the rest of the vehicle appeared to be in fine shape , nasa said ."
the documents were allegedly taken from smith when he visited leung at her home .
"they witnessed picky , macho males carefully select a mate , then guard their newly domesticated digs so jealously they would occasionally use their 8 to 10 inch tentacles to strangle a romantic rival ."
"while the boy was playing with friends , the snake attacked and wrapped itself around him , police officer hudson augusto said ."
all rights reserved .
"while these matters are worthy of some discussion , they have been ripped out of the context and fabric of the man s life and vision over here on e street , we re proud to support obama for president ."
"mugabe , in power since independence from britain in 1980 , is seeking re election despite accusations he has plunged the southern african state into its worst economic"
"he s forty seven , he s a first term senator , and yes , barack obama has been to the white house before , but never the oval office until , that is , the president elect sits down for a private chat with the president today ."
"once the captain noticed that the vessel was taking on water , he made the decision . . . to run it aground , petty officer chris evanson of the coast guard said on cnn s newsroom ."
seoul sends supports to u . s . for the hurricane .
"the six wounded include students relatives , as well as militants , according to abu shamaleh s aide ."
iraq s deputy prime minister said the move is aimed at stopping foreign insurgents from infiltrating into iraq .
marcy is in fact not even sitting at the telescope .
the white house said it provided an airplane equipped with medical equipment to fly talabani to amman .
"in st . louis , missouri , megabrewer anheuser busch is throwing a big bash , complete with historical exhibits and an appearance by the company s famous clydesdale horses ."
not long after businesses hopped aboard with tools geared for them .
the next was scheduled for march 1 .
the government office has opened negotiations with the parents about the name under a policy that says all unusual names must be given case by case consideration .
"smog and acid rain , water pollution and sewage disposal , dams and river flows will become ever more contentious issues ."
"lohan was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence saturday after her convertible struck a curb in beverly hills , and investigators found what they believe is cocaine at the scene , police said ."
"and he also went on to claim that star trek is the predecessor to the ipod , cell phones and all that ."
the boeing 737 was carrying at least 114 crew and passengers from 25 nations .
expect to bargain .
"iran remains the country with the second highest number of executions , with 377 killings that included a man stoned for adultery , the human rights group said ."
"her publicist , max clifford , tells sky news people grew to respect goody"
their very different lives collided monday when cho targeted a classroom building where jeremy and so many others were following their dreams .
the tomb was covered in iraqi flags and flowers and flanked by large pictures of a smiling hussein .
we heard it and then we went outside and saw big black clouds of smoke .
"the wildlife biologist shoots a tranquilizer dart into the mother s rump , but the dart goes into fat , not muscle , slowing absorption into her blood ."
"the temple is one of the most important in the sacsayhuaman site , camacho said ."
bush thanked all those involved and said the bill was essential to stopping the crisis on wall street becoming a crisis in the wider economy .
"of course , they laugh at all the misguided footwork , but it s better if foreigners loosen up than be wallflowers ."
but just what genes and cells drive those differences remained mysterious .
hyundai motor co . chairman chung mong koo s wait is almost over .
"chung s prolonged incarceration could have a grave impact on the industry as well as the national economy so a suspended sentence is likely , said yong dae in , an analyst at goodmorning shinhan securities ."
"the agreement came after china lifted its objections to a statement first drafted by the us , uk and france ."
oil prices rose to an intraday trading record above 112 a barrel tuesday after the u . s . dollar fell further and crude supplies to the u . s . and elsewhere were disrupted .
"after all , it is your money as a taxpayer ."
deaths caused by alcohol related car accidents or violence were not included .
"if in perusing the newspaper late at night you see an ad for the car of your dreams , call a huntington loan officer ."
"the government unveiled yesterday rescue measures for credit delinquents , including a rescheduling of debt owed by low income earners and writing off their interests ."
"this also pales in comparison to the recall of nearly 10 million of a different model of sony batteries in 2006 and 2007 , which affected almost every major pc manufacturer , including dell inc . and apple inc ."
"if data speeds hold up as jobs demonstrated more on that later , the new iphone really will put the internet in your pocket ."
"but it could take up to 18 hours to get the public transport network running again , officials have said ."
godwin said he had breakfast with falwell tuesday morning and said they talked about the future .
"fewer than 7 million , or about one third of the population , living in agricultural areas can buy at the markets ."
"a suspect in the failed terror attack on scotland s busiest airport was unlikely to survive his severe burn injuries , a doctor who treated him said tuesday ."
how can you explain this ?
the incident resulted in the brief evacuation of the nearby cnn . com newsroom .
"marcos de souza , director of the posse hospital in nova iguacu , said more than 20 people were taken to the hospital for treatment ."
some unconfirmed reports said the north korean leader underwent brain surgery after suffering a stroke over the summer .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"a brazilian court in february banned large jets at the busy airport because of safety concerns , the associated press reported ."
but now it s holding steady after losing almost half of its value against the dollar .
a newspaper report says cuban president ra uacute l castro wants to improve relations with mexico .
"in new york , u . s . crude oil prices recovered some lost ground , finishing the day lower but still above 71 a barrel ."
"the six party talks aimed at resolving the standoff over north korea s nuclear weapons programs could lose effectiveness if they stall further , a report released tuesday by the u . s ."
"we look forward to relations between our two countries that witness , during your rule , further consolidation and development in all different fields , based on a firm contractual ground , common interests and similar values ."
50 million 99 million a day in lost production .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"it s going to take us an additional 10 hours to be able to rescue them , seshoka said . we are not really so sure about what actually happened so , we are keeping our fingers crossed and hoping they ll be ok ."
"a significant equipment failure at a substation west of miami triggered tuesday afternoon s blackouts around southern florida , affecting 700 , 000 customers , a florida power light official said ."
"it came days after the house approved a binding withdrawal deadline of august 31 , 2008 ."
he had a big idol moment weeks ago when he mixed up bon jovi s you give love a bad name to add fresh beats a move that secured him a spot in the final four . even cowell loved it .
puerta was taken off after 35 minutes and two minutes before half time getafe were reduced to nine players when david cortes was dismissed for a challenge on diego capel .
inter korean exchanges also have slowed since north korea took steps last month to reactivate a nuclear program that experts say could build atomic bombs .
"it s a contract to make slothfulness more expensive , said karlan , who has personally put up to 50 , 000 at stake to help himself lose or maintain his weight ."
the raid came amid ongoing investigations into allegations lone star illegally took 8 . 6 million of funds out of korea and evaded penalty taxes of 14 . 7 billion won .
"repeating our top story once again , attorney general michael mukasey collapsed tonight during a speech at a hotel in washington , d . c ."
the u . s . military and the u . s . embassy in iraq also condemned the attack .
the pipeline links iraq s northern and southern oil fields .
"the israeli air force bombed the homes thursday of two top hamas military figures , killing at least one of them ."
"the movie , which had a limited u . s . release last fall and grossed a modest 5 . 5 million , was a surprise winner against a field of nominees that included 100 million hollywood hits ice age and lilo stitch ."
the idea of the love locks is not new in italy . but ponte milvio owes its new reputation mainly due to two novels depicting the love of roman teenagers .
an amateur scientist has captured what loch ness monster watchers say is among the finest footage ever taken of the elusive mythical creature reputed to swim beneath the waters of scotland s most mysterious lake .
"someone at the restaurant , whether it be employees or another person , got a hold of his cell phone and found that his wife tina had sent him racy , naked photos of herself , whoever saw these photos then sent tina a series of text messages and then took the photos of ms ."
skiing great hermann maier won his first world cup race in almost three years as he claimed the super g at lake louise in canada on sunday .
"key voice stars mike myers , eddie murphy , cameron diaz and antonio banderas return , with justin timberlake headlining the newcomers as geeky teenager artie ."
kotra reported an outflow of 8 . 3 billion in foreign direct investment between 2005 and 2006 .
"emergency shelters already held 69 , 000 flood victims , but tens of thousands more were leaving the state entirely , as food , water and power became increasingly scarce ."
perhaps even the key to solving some current environmental ills .
"the bloody breakup of former yugoslavia the worst carnage in europe since world war ii started when the serb led yugoslav army tried to prevent separatists in slovenia , croatia , bosnia and kosovo from seceding from the former federation ."
then the country hopes to hold free and fair elections to choose a fully representative government .
former president kim dae jung will leave for japan on october 29th to receive an honorary doctorate of law from ritsumeikan university in kyoto on october 30th where he will give a lecture .
president barack obama meets this hour at the white house with brazil s president .
he also allegedly received 156 . 7 million won from four people who he promised to give franchising rights .
it was the worst attack since a massive car bomb killed at least 114 people in the nearby town of hilla in february .
"there will be magic shows , costume contests , musical performances , readings and last but not least book sales . gallery fans show off their harry resemblances raquo"
flying with the flu ?
the findings are likely to prove embarrassing to organizers of the 2008 olympics and the international olympic committee .
"and the extreme conditions continue to make life miserable for tens of thousands of others , oxfam said in a statement last week ."
"after arriving in seoul at 12 40 pm 0340 gmt , the envoy will brief president kim on the outcome of his visit to north korea , a south korean official said ."
"the times uncovered a 2006 biography on he that lists her birthday as january 1 , 1994 ."
more than 300 lawmakers elected last month took the oath of office in the brief ceremony in the national assembly .
"they have their lives interrupted and so whenever they feel something , they start to cry and then run here back and forth primarily ."
flying with the flu ?
"melbourne , australia michael phelps of the united states broke his own world record in the men s 400 meters individual medley final to collect his seventh gold medal at the world championships on sunday ."
that s why your vote is so important .
"as to who ll be playing the president after tomorrow , armisen and hammond predicted a tie on nbc s today show ."
the jury has already heard that paul ordered two ricards an aniseed spirit that night after arriving at the hotel .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"bolton arrived in germany without the likes of star players nicolas anelka , el hadji diouf and ivan campo , but they started brightly and took a deserved eighth minute lead ."
"former world chess champion bobby fischer , who was taken into custody by japanese authorities two weeks ago for traveling with a revoked u . s . passport , has appealed a deportation order to the united states , an adviser said monday ."
"european super cup winners milan were brought back down to earth at the san siro on monday , as fiorentina held them to a 1 1 draw in serie a ."
"president roh moo hyun instructed the administration on tuesday to take measures to eliminate the legacy of japan s 1910 1945 colonial rule of korea , the korea times quoted chong wa dae spokesman kim man soo as saying ."
"celebrity magazines reported this week that murphy had become engaged to his girlfriend of 10 months , tracey edmonds . murphy has five children from his first marriage to nicole mitchell , which ended in divorce in april 2006 ."
even the best programming will die unless it can reach its audiences .
"the andalucians became only the second side to retain the trophy after a pulsating game , played in driving rain , ended 2 2 after 120 minutes , condemning espanyol to more european final heartbreak 19 years after they lost the 1988 final on penalties to bayer leverkusen ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn four boy actors in the movie the kite runner have left afghanistan out of concern they could be ostracized or subjected to violence because of a rape scene in the movie , a film executive said ."
"armando ferreira , president of the national police union , also defended the search ."
"at the time , the seoul western district court struck down the request , saying she is not a flight risk ."
former british prime minister tony blair said the support of donors needed to be repaid in the coming months with steps to create a lasting settlement .
it s not always an easy task .
militants threatened to behead interim prime minister iyad allawi s cousin and two female relatives unless he called off the u . s . led operation fair dawn to wrest control of falluja from insurgents .
the demonstrators called on leaders of the fragmented secular parties to unite against erdogan s party . unite !
the two mile long island is about 70 miles 110 kilometers off the coast of yemen .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
spokeswoman jennifer erickson said zander remains chairman and ceo and continues to work closely with top management to help restore the profitability of the mobile device business .
"senior hamas official mahmoud al zahar also gave a televised address monday , saying the leadership in gaza salutes the resistance men and that their actions were justified because of what israel has done . they israeli forces shelled everyone in gaza ."
"about 70 percent of u . s . air cargo headed for iraq goes through turkey , as does about one third of the fuel used by the u . s . military there ."
the billionaire sports tycoon has decided instead to press ahead with his own plans for the north east giants under current manager joe kinnear .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
12 . dressing for the wrong job
it denies the ruling people s action party the guaranteed victory it has enjoyed in the last three polls .
"the albatrosses are attracted to the bait and while some manage to steal it successfully , many more get snagged and drown , madge said ."
the new york congressman who admitted to fathering a child out of wedlock with the woman who bailed him out of jail on a drunken driving charge this month .
"in his speech , bush said the united states must stand with those struggling to gain their freedom ."
"in an interview with cnn , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon leaned toward the united states position , stressing that bali negotiations have to be based on realistic and practical assessment ."
"as time runs out for the us korea free trade agreement , seoul and washington began their fifth round of free trade negotiations in the u . s . state of montana , faced with the challenge of making progress in sensitive areas such as agriculture , pharmaceuticals and tariff rates ."
"london , england cnn fantasy author terry pratchett has admitted that he has been diagnosed with a rare form of alzheimer s disease but says he plans to continue writing his multi million selling discworld books ."
"referee carlos clos gomez handed out 15 cards , four of them red as both sides finished with nine men ."
one is for congress to vote a lower salary . another way is for hillary clinton simply to accept a lower salary .
but independents abandon mccain for obama .
he said he will meet thursday with white house chief of staff josh bolton and senate majority leader harry reid to see if we can t work something out that is mutually agreeable .
"it is a slow but steady trickle all day long at the hamilton county board of elections the ohio presidential primary is tuesday , but turnout is already smashing records ."
"if that happens , then there s not going to be a deal that will last ."
"opening arguments this morning at senator ted stevens corruption trial in washington , federal prosecutors say he s a crafty politician whose decades in congress has taught him how to accept gifts without getting noticed , the ap s carlotta bradley says we may or may not see stevens on the stand ."
"china banned imports of japanese rice in 2003 after changing its quarantine standards , saying japanese rice posed a danger of bringing foreign insects into china ."
"at first glance , omar appears to have little in common with the man who has eluded international efforts to find him ."
abu dujana studied in pakistan and fought in afghanistan from 1988 to 1991 .
"lynch , 19 , was seized march 23 along with 12 other soldiers when their supply convoy took a wrong turn as it passed the southern iraqi town of nasiriyah ."
more foreigners to become permanent residents from sept .
their defense was by no means watertight but united failed to make their superiority tell .
"officials have said that about 2 , 000 square miles of land there is under water ."
"sony reported a 68 percent fall in annual operating profit on wednesday due to losses in its game unit and costs to recall pc batteries , but it forecast steep growth this year that beats market expectations ."
"former tennessee senator thompson has nearly abandoned new hampshire , while former new york mayor giuliani has concentrated his attention on later primaries ."
the saudi plan offers israel normalization of ties with arab states if it pulls out of all arab land it occupied in 1967 and a just solution for palestinian refugees .
the bill also proposed tougher border controls to prevent more illegal immigrants from entering the country .
blackwater said its employees acted in self defense .
"also saturday , u . s . astronaut sunita suni williams set a record for the longest single space flight by any woman ."
"nasa also asked members of the public to help in its search for debris , but warned people not to touch the pieces because they might be contaminated with toxic propellants ."
no one answered the phones at the people s new party offices at the upper house shortly after the reports appeared early thursday .
"first lieutenant oh , serving with the zaytun unit on a peace and reconstruction mission in irbil , a city in northern iraq , was found shot dead inside the unit s base saturday , the joint chiefs of staff jcs in seoul announced ."
"in the shadow of a garbage can , with what appears to be an empty cup perched in front of him ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"equal rights , others answered ."
"the figures , while still healthy , will fuel fears that worsening economic conditions around the world are hitting asian growth ."
"so far , just four percent of the site has been excavated , the university said ."
president lee myung bak is expected to invite president george w . bush to visit korea in july .
"president bush s failure to do so was a major mistake , he said ."
blame it on the early school start time and their circadian rhythms the mental and physical changes that occur in a day .
"the fact that it s been ignored tells you something , said dever , professor emeritus at the university of arizona . it would be amusing if it didn t mislead so many people ."
"clinton won kentucky by more than 30 points , but obama s share of the state s 51 delegates was enough put him over the threshold , according to cnn estimates ."
this material may not be published .
"the documents underscore the bitter nature of the fight over their two sons , sean preston and jayden ."
as much as 5 inches of snow is forecast through the day today in northern alabama .
"cape town , south africa cnn"
but rising incomes mean that some newly rich couples in urban areas can easily afford to break the rules and pay the resulting fines .
"britain requested the extradition of its prime suspect in the case , moscow based businessman andrei lugovoi , but russia refused to hand him over ."
it just got tougher to do that for zimmerman and a lot of other u . s . soldiers .
washington correspondent shirley smith .
"a chinese deadline for protesters to surrender has passed , but large numbers of police are patrolling the streets of the regional capital , lhasa ."
megan mcallister s lawyer announced it on national tv this morning
and almost 10 years after graduation
parcak conducted surveys and expeditions in the eastern nile delta and middle egypt in 2003 and 2004 that confirmed 132 sites that were initially suggested by satellite images .
children are particularly vulnerable to the disease and this is unnecessary .
the berlin wall had fallen and the world appeared headed for democracy . the stock market was booming and most people seemed to be prospering .
"the bedroom is your own private sanctuary , but beware what message you re sending by using it as a display case for your hobbies ."
"when north korean boats towed our ships , south korean navy ships gave chase but it was too late , lee said ."
other breeds affected include the shar pei and german shepherd .
"it s a really challenging play , and if i can pull it off we don t know if i can yet i hope people will stop and think , maybe he can do something other than harry , he said ."
no fatalities were reported .
"the number of single households has been on a steady increase , accounting for 15 . 9 percent of the total households in korea last year also , the government will grant monthly allowance of 100 , 000 won to a household who adopts a child until he or she turns 18 ."
"true russian orthodox church , say they will ignite gasoline canisters if authorities try to force them out , guseynov told cnn ."
living in a cage in hong kong
o neal s downfall took just six days from the time merrill reported that record loss though some were surprised it took even that long .
"the hotel , the only one at the malam jabba ski resort , sustained significant damage , he told cnn ."
more than 90 fruits and vegetables worldwide depend on them for pollination .
"it joins the 4659 roddenberry named for the show s creator , gene roddenberry and the 68410 nichols for co star nichelle nichols , who played lt . uhura ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
zardari made his first public appearance before the world only three days after his mother s death when he was announced as the new chair of the pakistan s people s party .
"hundreds of migrants seeking a better life in europe die each year while attempting to reach spain by sailing in simple wooden fishing boats from west africa to spain s canary islands , just off morocco s coast ."
"that s right , says taisia plotnikova , the editor of a new russian magazine called bodyguard ."
south koreans are virtually painting the town red in the wake of their historic world cup victory over italy .
the 16 gigabit capacity is double the size of the largest flash memory now on the market .
"the club was initially formed in 1980 as matsushita electric industrial co . ltd . soccer club , but changed its name to gamba osaka in 1992 , first appearing in the 1993 j league season ."
"in a statement , toyota said it cut its group operating forecast to a loss of up to 150 billion 1 . 7 billion for the year to end march , after shocking financial markets last month by slashing its group operating profit forecast by 1 trillion to 600 billion ."
"asiana airlines management and its striking pilots union resumed contract negotiations yesterday , three days after the pilots began a general strike demanding better working conditions ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
flying with the flu ?
the poll of 959 people by csa agency for the daily paper was conducted thursday and friday .
"jon , it reflects the president s fury at learning wall street paid itself 18 billion in bonuses last year , even as taxpayers rescued top companies from collapse ."
"according to the city government , gere failed to pay appropriate registration taxes as a newly incorporated company ."
"ninety percent of the equipment that the usa gave the government of pakistan to fight terrorism is being used to monitor and to keep a check on their political opponents , the report says ."
"earlier this month , riot police used water hoses and tear gas against thousands of protesters demanding electoral reform , the largest demonstration in kuala lumpur in nearly a decade ."
the fact that the two allies appear to disagree so fundamentally does not bode well for on going talks on the issue .
the us democratic presidential hopefuls are taking part in the first debate to use only video questions submitted online by the public .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
a research group says algae could someday be turned into inexpensive fuel for automobiles and airplanes .
many of the survivors are seriously ill from dehydration and lack of oxygen .
1 00 seoul time we killed one of the koreans named sung sin with ak 47 gunshots .
it won t be released until next spring .
"patrick sinkewitz , who was sacked by the team earlier this year , recently admitted to doping offences while competing for t mobile , and several of the team s former riders , including former tour de france winner jan ullrich , have either admitted to or been implicated in doping scandals ."
"aaron rifkin is one of some 100 , 000 tourists stranded in thailand ."
the women pay for a man to lavish them with undivided attention .
.
draft likely to be reduced
"in an interview with the associated press in 2004 , khieu samphan said he has known verges since he was a student in france in the 1950s , when the two were active in student movements against french colonialism and the french war in vietnam ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the new lineup will be giving its first performance at the grand hyatt hotel tomorrow evening as part of the parade of nations , a talent show and annual charity gala arranged by the foreign diplomatic community ."
"the u . s . geological survey usgs reported on its web site that the initial 6 . 7 magnitude quake was centered about 140 miles 230 km southwest of the capital , athens , and was located about 12 miles offshore ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"police said the men were wearing dark clothes and hoods , and one of them spoke german with a slavic accent . they were all of average height , police said ."
"lorena ochoa withdrew from the ginn tribute event on wednesday , putting the top ranked player s duel with tournament host annika sorenstam on hold ."
"last week , organizers rolled out the red carpet for athletes arriving at the special olympics in shanghai , china ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"he had only a pair of 1 2 3 innings , but the composed 24 year old left hander allowed two runs and five hits in seven innings ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"why , for instance , should hollywood moguls have paid much attention when the usb standard emerged in the mid 90 s ?"
"the euro and the pound have been climbing steadily against the dollar since august amid fears for the health of the u . s . economy , stoked by the subprime credit crisis ."
the portuguese center back headed home wayne bridge s free kick for his first goal this season after chelsea went into the game without injured top scorer frank lampard .
the visit comes amid continuing violence in iraq .
the park in daehangno was to have been the site of a democratic labor party demonstration protesting new laws on non regular employees .
the men were stopped by a traffic officer in the weeks prior to their arrest last tuesday .
the victim is a 45 year old sudanese national and father of six children .
"one of the rarest and most touching of the collection is a passionate letter written by an apologetic napoleon to his wife to be , josephine , the morning after a furious argument ."
"triesman urged an end to the culture of secrecy surrounding the finances of english football clubs , who he said now have debts totaling about 3 billion pounds 5 . 2 billion"
hill said tuesday in tokyo that negotiators from pyongyang had not raised the issue of heavy fuel oil in return for shutting down its reactor .
"in gaza city , nearly 10 , 000 people demonstrated , mostly students from the islamic university , carrying hamas banners as a gesture of support for the main palestinian islamic movement , and iraqi flags ."
"north korea always counterattacked , seldom waiting for a slow buildup ."
"a young mother who may have been depressed apparently hanged three of her small daughters and herself in a closet using pieces of clothing and sashes , authorities said tuesday ."
"two activists from the sea shepherd protest ship went missing during the confrontation with japanese whaling craft nisshin maru early friday , but were rescued safely with members of the japanese whaling expedition assisting in the rescue efforts in the icy waters of the ross sea ."
"prime minister jose ramos horta of east timor told a cheering crowd in his hometown sunday he will stand in april s presidential elections , vowing to help return peace and stability to the troubled nation ."
somewhere in south america right now a head banger is getting very excited .
"the couple , who met in an internet chatroom in 2003 , are now separated ."
"her ticket home , space shuttle endeavour , may get off the ground several weeks later than its originally scheduled june 28 launch ."
"she pointed to a recent bbc interview by now former obama policy adviser samantha powers in which powers said obama will , of course , not rely on some plan that he s crafted as a presidential candidate or a u . s . senator ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the statement , which follows similar ones by nld figures , came after the junta said it hoped to achieve smooth relations with suu kyi ."
"he had led the church for 10 years , boosting membership after a period of declining attendance and internal turmoil ."
the pro democracy leader has been held for 12 of the past 18 years .
"in cases of rape it is permitted through the 16th week , and there is no time restriction if an abortion is the only way of saving a pregnant woman s life ."
"district attorney dewey hudson announced the results after an autopsy on lauterbach , but he acknowledged that questions remain ."
"judge mark potter said thursday the claim by robert brown , 52 , was an abuse of process and made solely for the purpose of seeking to establish an imaginary and baseless claim ."
"rice , 54 , said one of her most difficult moments occurred during the summer of 2006 as the lebanon war was raging ."
"at least 61 people have died and more than 1 , 000 have been injured as a result of the snowfall , which began last month ."
"this means that we can maintain the course that was proposed by president putin , medvedev said ."
"a kiss can be a deal breaker in terms of whether a relationship will flower or flounder , so to speak ."
"and wait . during the april 16 boston marathon , for instance , the curious can use their computers to check on the progress of up to five runners at a time ."
"carrying more than 19 . 6 million gallons of heavy fuel oil sank 130 miles off spain s northwest coast , leaving spanish authorities scrambling to protect the coastline in the region where fishing is the primary industry ."
israeli prime minister ariel sharon s remarks sunday produced a storm of rebuke after he said french jews were under threat by the nation s much larger muslim community and should leave .
"mom and dad were on the cbs early show this morning , here s chuck heath"
"miller , who was forced out of scotland s famous 1 0 win over france in paris last week with a hamstring problem , far outshone owen who looked jaded after two match winning displays for his country ."
the korea times reports hwang made the remarks yesterday before leaving for philadelphia in the united states to participate in the annual symposium of the american society of reproductive medicine .
"beijing is believed to have high hopes that a ma victory in the 2008 presidential elections would help lead the way to eventual reunification of the rivals , which split amid civil war in 1949 ."
"the banner read , one world ."
mccain spokesman tucker bounds said it s a double standard . the arbiters of this election are not demanding the same level of disclosure about sen . obama .
iraq s new assembly is going to hold its first session .
the agreement stated
"established in 1964 as the colombian communist party , farc is colombia s oldest and largest marxist rebel group , according to the u . s . department of state ."
"the united states proposed that it meet in new york , where u . s . and north korean officials sometimes have contact ."
"in the jungle near the house , there are jaguars , hawks , snakes , lima told the radio station . but his guardian angel and god protected my son ."
"the largest in the world , with an estimated 70 million members ."
"clinton is coming off last week s wins in ohio , texas and rhode island ."
but all this is changing .
his plan for the phased withdrawal of australia s 550 combat troops from iraq also poses challenges for canberra s relations with washington .
flying with the flu ?
"this jury spoke loud and clear , that lillo had nothing to do with the murder of this police officer , tacopina said ."
"it will not be long before asia s top oil importers join forces to eliminate the premium added to their purchases from the middle east , the head of the presidential committee on northeast asian affairs said yesterday ."
"nearly 5 , 000 store owners , managers and business executives have been arrested since the government began its campaign to slash prices last month , state media reported thursday ."
"fox screened the movie over the weekend for a small group of entertainment reporters . the film delivered some laughs , but it certainly did not bring the house down ."
ambassador alexander vershbow said in an interview with yonhap news .
"as a result , the park estimates its bison herd has dropped from 4 , 700 in november to about 2 , 300 today , prompting the government to halt the culling program early ."
justice minister mohamed ali al mardi told reuters formal charges would be leveled once investigations had been completed .
"the three of us spent hours talking about everything , and we have sort of similar upbringings , and we re all from new york ."
800 367 2323 or maunalani . com .
a second group was provided with links to six web sites run by professional medical and fitness organizations .
"sarkozy said his wife was suffering from a severe sore throat and could not make the journey , but the fact cecilia was spotted shopping with friends on both friday and sunday raised eyebrows back home ."
britain s population is about 60 million .
britain s david millar gave the home crowd some cheer by getting away in an early breakaway and claiming enough points on the scoring climbs to take the polka dot jersey of the king of the mountains leader .
"a separate report released last month said climate change will harm china s ecology and economy in the coming decades , possibly causing large drops in agricultural output ."
"cnn a hijacker armed with explosives took 10 australian tourists hostage on a bus in northwest china wednesday , before police shot him dead , media in both countries reported ."
but these soviet old people aren t alone .
michelle obama learned this year that one of her great great grandfathers was a slave who worked on a rice plantation in south carolina .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"about 150 troops secured the airport in the capital , dili , amid reports of mounting casualties in the city ."
"that is , in the approval process we are more strict and more serious with the procedure , foreign ministry spokesman qin gang said ."
"london , england cnn britain s queen elizabeth ii opened the country s parliament tuesday in a traditional ceremony ."
"in one sighting in january 1985 , a man near cardiff , wales , was closing his living room curtains when he saw an object in the sky ."
"you re a great singer , but it might be good to remember that performance tomorrow ."
"at the same time , eight of 23 koreans were released through the negotiations between the afghan government and the taliban , according to yonhap news agency ."
the lawyers had petitioned the court against his conviction .
"residents , fearing the change would reduce their property values and threaten their livelihoods , clashed with police and looted government offices , according to the gansu daily ."
"every character is so good . when you come into shrek , you definitely feel you have a lot to prove ."
"a bit of a problem here , and we understand it is not fatal for the obama appointee for treasury secretary the man who would oversee the irs supposedly forgot to pay some taxes ."
"a fishing crew has caught a colossal squid that could weigh a half ton and prove to be the biggest specimen ever landed , a fisheries official said thursday ."
miliband s duties are being carried out by junior ministers in his absence .
"they climbed above group leaders france , who slipped down to third below italy , who were 2 1 winners in ukraine . the scots have 21 points , italy 20 and france remain on 19 ."
"joya , a women s rights campaigner from farah province , rose to prominence in 2003 when she branded powerful afghan warlords as criminals during the loya jirga ."
"a man dressed in black , wearing combat boots and holding an assault rifle and at least one handgun , opened fire in the parking lot of the vast new life church in colorado springs after sunday services , killing one person on the spot and wounding others ."
"countries like china , india and thailand have the responsibility to take action to help hold the generals accountable and to end this long nightmare of military repression ."
"the rapid reduction of sharks is disrupting the ocean s equilibrium , according to peter knights , director of wildaid international ."
"leno said gavin arvizo , who as a cancer sufferer sent him voice messages , sounded very scripted ."
"set serenely in a small garden behind a wooden wall , kanda yabu soba is an atmospheric spot to slurp up some delicious soba noodles ."
"in addition to the cuts , the new york based bank said it will move 9 , 500 jobs to lower cost locations with about two thirds of those jobs being moved as the positions become vacant ."
our job is to do the nation s bidding .
"h5n1 is highly pathogenic and extremely contagious among birds , both by air and contact with feces ."
the great wall ? i think a lot of people died building that wall .
"zimbabwe president robert mugabe has warned against outside influences in next month s run off election , likening one american diplomat to a prostitute and threatening to oust another from his country . zimbabwe cannot be british , it cannot be american ."
she had been tipped off by the obama campaign that he d say something .
"two giant pandas arrived in taiwan tuesday after leaving china s sichuan province for their new home , in a sign of improving ties between the cross strait neighbors ."
chung presented himself yesterday morning at the supreme prosecutors office to be questioned about allegations that the hyundai group created a slush fund to bribe officials .
critics say soldiers accused of crimes are not given defendants rights to the extent they are guaranteed in civilian cases .
"it is by far the most heinous and horrible thing that you can possibly imagine on there , he said , according to the associated press ."
the system sends the messages using a so called please call me pcm service .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"during tuesday s two hour meeting , chen and chief taiwanese negotiator chiang pin kung agreed to hold high level talks every six months alternatively in taipei and beijing , taiwanese official kao koong lian told reporters ."
"between 800 , 000 and 900 , 000 americans have been infected with hiv ."
"there is a crucial shortfall in the supply of therapeutic foods used to treat children with severe acute malnutrition , the unicef official said ."
"james parents added that their son , an intelligent young man of sound mind , had never come to terms with his condition and was not prepared to live what he felt was a second class existence ."
"bishop alberto ricardo da silva , in his sunday mass in the capital , dili , asked all parties to accept the election results ."
"raymond jacobs , believed to be the last surviving member of the group of marines photographed during the original u . s . flag raising on iwo jima during world war ii , has died at age 82 ."
i think they have a rotten job and for what they re doing out there we should show some support .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
she had a few talking points that she stuck to and she repeated over and over again .
"an eu spokeswoman said michel was not trying to broker a deal , but was in kenya to collect first hand information ."
the mistake was discovered after the plane s flight to louisiana .
"wilson s screen credits include wedding crashers and you , me and dupree . he was nominated for a screenwriting oscar for 2001 s the royal tenenbaums ."
"a key senator , chris dodd , says the car companies need new leadership to convince taxpayers that their money is necessary and justified to save detroit ."
you will begin hiking through a thick pine forest on ajusco s steep lower slopes before breaking the treeline .
officials were still investigating the cause of the accident .
"walters , director of the us office of national drug control policy ondcp , was meeting colombian president alvaro uribe ."
"french police last year took french woman veronique courjault into custody on suspicion of killing her two babies and storing their corpses in a freezer in the family s apartment in seoul , south korea ."
living in a cage in hong kong
those who could not get inside watched on giant television screens outside in the square . pope s christmas eve homily calls for mideast peace
"president roh moo hyun will have summit talks with kazakh president nursultan nazarbaev monday to discuss issues of mutual interest , including ways of promoting cooperation in energy and natural resources ."
"last march , they packed the 40 , 000 capacity palmeiras stadium in sao paulo ."
singapore plans to police only public areas .
"the protesters , clad in black and waving signs , formed a long line of humanity as many as two dozen deep ."
"no fewer than seven of them raced genentech to commercialize t pa , a blood clot dissolver for heart attacks ."
twelve thousand us troops will be leaving iraq from now through the end of the summer .
snow told reporters he had a chemo session scheduled later friday .
some buildings and a bridge over a river also sustained cracks .
korea to double african aid by . . .
we got a triple dip of economics this morning with the government s latest citibank bailout .
"when the designer announced his retirement in 2002 at age 65 and the closure of the paris based haute couture house he had founded 40 years earlier , it was mourned in the fashion world as the end of an era ."
"the treatment consisted of ibuprofen for one week , as well as complete abstinence from playing wii video games . the patient recovered fully ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
korea has a less positive national image than japan or the united states .
massive earthquake struck indonesian coast .
another good thing to use is rubber gloves .
other photos splashed across the internet appeared to reveal spears out partying wearing nothing underneath her short skirts .
one of kazmierczak s advisers said that she enjoyed having him as a student and that he was a nice person he was a nice kid .
every sports team has an athletic trainer on hand to get athletes into shape and to prevent injuries .
"we will not allow the distress of one financial institution to distress the entire system , she told reporters ."
"kremlin critic and former world chess champion garry kasparov will not run in russia s presidential election after authorities repeatedly blocked supporters efforts to hold a nominating conference , his spokeswoman said thursday ."
"but you know . . . it shouldn t just be bush , clinton , bush , clinton , he said ."
"the financial debt defaulter system , however , eased the figure to 500 , 000 won . even so , the number of credit defaulters were 2 . 84 million as of the end of august 2006 ."
"the colder it is , the chances are better it will stay below the 43 foot height of the emergency dike ."
"we have our mercenary reasons , of course , you know ."
"the spaniard s absence should boost the chances of federer of winning his fifth masters cup , following his triumphs in 2003 , 2004 , 2006 and 2007 ."
it expects around a 3 . 5 trillion won decrease in tax income for the government up to 2013 .
"the official exchange rate is 15 , 000 1 ."
it s hard i think for a lot of youths to avoid these pitfalls .
"skilling s co conspirator , company founder ken lay was convicted of 10 counts of fraud and conspiracy , but passed away in july of a heart problem ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"prosecutor general choung sang myoung also expressed regret over lee s comments , aggravating the prosecution s touchy relationship with judges that started with last month s arrest of a seoul high court senior judge involved in a bribery scandal ."
they released the adolescent on april 25 with a radio tag .
"libby , who was chief of staff to vice president dick cheney , faces five counts of perjury , making false statements and obstructing justice ."
"dainton died oct . 16 at a nursing home in camborne , england , according to peter visick , a distant relative ."
the constitutional court started reviewing the special law on capital relocation .
kim hyong o of the grand national party gnp said the era of a regulatory press policy will be removed by the next administration .
soldiers lowered the australian flag that had flown over camp terendak in the southern iraqi city of talil .
"kandahar , afghanistan s second largest city and a former stronghold of the taliban , has been scene of some of nato s heaviest fighting since 2001"
the korea times reports agreement was made during a meeting of party lawmakers at the national assembly .
he thought he knew who he was .
the third way he learns is by you putting this leash on
"the victims plight could worsen this week as heavy rain is forecast , according to the associated press ."
doctors said abe was being treated for a stomach complaint probably caused by extreme exhaustion and stress .
"though the film was made in the north , its director , shin sang ok , was south korean ."
bushnell contrasts old and new money
"in contrast , sevilla have lost seven of their 12 primera liga matches and already find themselves 14 points adrift of real madrid ."
the list was part of a deal in october under which north korea agreed to end its nuclear program in exchange for aid and diplomatic concessions .
the coach careered 40 meters down the slopes before coming to rest on the banks of the romanche river .
"president george w . bush may stay on the u . s . aircraft carrier uss kitty hawk , which arrived in the port of pusan for military exercises , while attending the asia pacific economic cooperation forum in pusan , sources said on sunday ."
"in return for the hostages release , rebels would have to promise not to return to farc , which has been fighting for decades to topple the colombian government ."
the sheriff said evidence suggests the plane hit the ground at about 70 mph .
"the attack in suleiman beg , 90km 55 miles south of kirkuk , destroyed part of a local council office and several nearby homes ."
"seoul , south korea cnn north korea threatened south korea with destruction sunday after seoul s top military officer said he would consider attacking the communist nation if it tried to carry out a nuclear attack ."
sen . john mccain on tuesday said energy efficiency should begin at home and proposed that the federal government purchase more environmentally friendly vehicles .
obama rolls out national security team
railway company trenitalia canceled hundreds of trains and warned of further delays as rail workers walked off their jobs at 9 a . m . for an eight hour protest .
vasana puemlarp said a boycott by opposition parties may mean not enough mps are returned to convene the body .
"a rat believed to be extinct for 11 million years , a spider with a foot long legspan , and a hot pink cyanide producing dragon millipede are among the thousand newly discovered species in the largely unexplored mekong delta region ."
"moscow , russia cnn at least two sailors died and 23 were missing sunday when five ships sank in storms in the black sea and the azov sea , the official russia today web site said ."
"understanding the brain at a more fundamental level , i think , will result in all sorts of chances to treat a wide range of brain diseases such as parkinson s and alzheimer s , according to the professor ."
education ministry presents a guideline for essay tests .
"while in hershey , pennsylvania , republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin warmed up the crowd ."
"the 35 . 56 carat wittelsbach blue diamond , dating to the 17th century , was purchased by international jeweler laurence graff , the auction house said in a release . graff was bidding against aleks paul of essex global trading , a professional of russian origin based in new york , christie s said ."
nowak s attorney said the charges overstate her conduct .
"today more than ever before , science holds the key to our survival as a planet and our security and prosperity as a nation ."
"in 1800 , john adams was the first president to live in the white house , moving in before it was finished ."
"algerian interior minister noureddine yazid zerhouni blamed a militant islamic group with ties to al qaeda for the attacks , which also targeted a building housing algeria s constitutional council and supreme court ."
bush is expected to reiterate anbar s success in a major address thursday night .
the u . s . space agency nasa on thursday confirmed it had discovered the apparent sabotage of a noncritical component of the international space station due to be carried up by the space shuttle endeavour .
government critics have called the constitutional process undemocratic because it has been closely directed by the military with no input from independent parties .
"keith williams , a u . s . department of agriculture spokesman , said investigators have found no cases of illness related to the recalled meat ."
former inter milan striker kanu laid the ball back to glen johnson whose first time cross from the right was headed powerfully home by younes kaboul .
"the committee s ruling gave clinton 105 pledged delegates from florida and 69 from michigan , with a total of 87 votes ."
this means that asia s fourth largest economy is expected to achieve its potential growth rate of between 4 and 5 percent set by the government .
thanksgiving is also an opportunity to look for symptoms among older relatives .
there was a 911 point difference between the day s high and the day s low .
"analysts said they were shocked by the severity of the company s exposure , even as they welcomed its openness about the potential 800 million swiss franc loss ."
"many among the dozens of monks came away with cuts and bruises , said police spokesman mickey rosenfeld ."
"the director , a native of poland who lives in france , has continued to direct films ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the city s emergency plan kicked in , and about 400 firefighters in training had reported for duty to help , he said . city firefighters had gone to 37 buildings in the capital to free people from elevators ."
"democratic and republican senators have raised questions about the firings , which e mail released by the justice department suggests may have been done for political reasons ."
"reagan , 87 , is in the ronald reagan ucla medical center , drake said in a written statement wednesday ."
the magnetic force of the mri somehow knocking it down .
"she was informed of the threat to her , the first time about three to four weeks back when she wanted to the same place , musharraf said ."
"the daily mail , which played the story on its front page wednesday , said charles pulled out because parker bowles had been assigned a seat in chester cathedral several rows behind him ."
"in some of these rooms at berkeley , that just wouldn t be possible ."
"it was extremely upsetting footage , prosecutor david gittins told bbc news 24 outside plymouth crown court ."
another witness was walking on a pedestrian bridge nearby when he saw the disaster . there were several cars completely just crushed .
"yonhap news agency quoted an unnamed unification ministry official as saying that seoul proposed december 11th as the date to start the railway service through the demilitarized zone , but that north korea s response was not yet known ."
"ronner is a san francisco , california area field services manager for technology outsourcer perot systems corp . , and he handles computer systems for a big perot client , catholic healthcare west ."
"he was taken to a hospital , where he was pronounced dead on arrival , local police said ."
some residents from nearby futaleufu were also evacuated .
he coached the south african national team before taking over as pakistan s coach in 2004 .
including the ability to walk
"uh , the president elect and his team are under no illusions about iran s behavior and what iran has been doing in the region , and is doing in terms of its own weapons programs ."
both commerce and the planet can prosper .
chirac s initial remarks would mark a big departure from france s official policy of deterrence and work in preventing iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
"jerusalem cnn palestinian militants and the israeli military traded violent attacks wednesday , a day before a truce was scheduled to take effect , according to the israeli military and hamas ."
"a bomb blast shattered windows of a home owned by the director of the human rights ministry s provisional branch in kut about 100 miles south of baghdad injuring several residents early sunday , the official said ."
flying with the flu ?
"if the price sounds unappealing , then shoppers also have to overcome the unusual method of cultivation , which sees the coffee beans harvested from the faeces of an indonesian jungle cat ."
"new regulations give police and emergency services workers the power to order anyone to stop behavior that causes annoyance or inconvenience to participants in a world youth day event , according to a new south wales state government gazette ."
"we thought that things like this only happen in the united states , and now we see it in belgium in a small village like this ."
"newark , new jersey cnn a tire importer said thursday it would recall 255 , 000 chinese made tires it claims were defective because they lack a safety feature that prevents tread separation ."
"the approved menu includes fresh and cooked kimchi , spicy chili paste , rice , bean paste soup , instant noodles , sweet cinnamon punch , ginseng teas and a mixed grain and vegetable bar , yonhap reported , quoting the korea aerospace research institute kari ."
"the latest protest movement began aug . 19 after the government raised fuel prices , but has its basis in long pent up dissatisfaction with the repressive military regime ."
more dreams will be deferred and denied .
restaurants
it has since made 20 deployments in the western pacific and participated in operation enduring freedom in iraq .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"twenty one others including the american bystander were wounded in the explosion , which was caused by a 15 kilogram 33 pound bomb placed in a car before the explosion , the security forces said ."
yoga hotel
"there are indications this could escalate further israeli naval vessels are attacking gaza from the sea , and israel has doubled the number of troops on the ground along the border ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the twister injured 85 people , many of whom were hospitalized ."
"the nation s unemployment rate has hit 8 . 1 , its highest level in 25 years ."
the plane is set for its first flight this summer and is due to enter into service in 2008 .
"this did not happen in the 1800s , lesko said . this happened in the 21st century ."
british airways in merger talks with qantas
it took schulte about two minutes to unlock the iphone .
if anyone has any information about his whereabouts please contact the authorities immediately .
with a list of eight prisoners it wanted released .
a pair of passenger trains has crossed the heavily fortified border between north and south korea for the first time in more than 50 years .
darling is the highest ranked british official to visit china since prime minister gordon brown s office said last week he would skip the opening ceremonies of the beijing olympics in august .
thousands of tourists visit the underground chamber every month .
flying with the flu ?
a group of 150 whales that became stranded on a remote coastline in southern australia were battered to death on rocks before rescuers could save them .
"for best results , eat foods containing plant stanols and sterols with meals twice a day ."
"today , however , plastic surgery , hair dyeing and piercing are booming industries ."
"our investigations find keb to have overstated its liabilities to lower the negotiating price , the board of audit and inspection said in a statement ."
transport provisions and military equipment during his 1884 battle of adwa to defeat italy s better equipped army .
"ferraro who said she raised about 125 , 000 for clinton s campaign said she was not asked to step down by clinton or her staff ."
"if the trial confirms this , it could have a far reaching impact on the advice we give to postmenopausal women who have type 2 diabetes ."
"helicopters , boats and fire trucks have joined in a dramatic water rescue right outside washington , d . c ."
ubs said its dealings with parmalat were correct and did not imply any action that could be qualified as market rigging .
"the price of basic commodities are being driven up by middlemen , while farmers and producers earnings remain flat , activists said at protests in rome , milan and palermo ."
korea will gain access to 10 million metric tons of lng .
"that s true despite the growing popularity of entertainment alternatives , which have stolen 40 of the prime time audience from networks ."
"the 10 , 000 monks marched from yangon s famous shwedagon pagoda to the nearby sule pagoda before passing the u . s . embassy , witnesses said ."
"the drawings , almost impossible to see with the human eye , were photographed with an infrared reflectographic camera , to reveal the underdrawings ."
"the public now can discover that she was delighted by rough sex , ecstatic over the prospect of plastic surgery for her breasts and fearful of a jealous boyfriend . she was careless with spelling , punctuation , and , too often , with her own well being ."
"omar one of bin laden s 19 children raised a tabloid storm last year when he married the 52 year old british woman , jane felix browne , who changed her name to zaina alsabah ."
"proenza , 62 , became the director in january after the retirement of max mayfield ."
"the latest updated report on tobacco treatment from the united states department of health and human services says that tobacco kills more than 435 , 000 people in the united states each year , the equivalent of almost 1 of every 5 people in the country . about 1 , 200 adolescents and children daily become cigarette smokers , according to the report ."
efense chiefs from south korea and the united states are expected to reach an agreement on the timetable for the transfer of wartime operational control during their talks in washington .
"the little girl , he said , has responded very well . . . . everything is going according to plan ."
skip coffee in the airport and especially when the trolley comes round during the flight .
an equal number of obama supporters said they ll sit it out come november if clinton is their party s nominee .
"jimenez and fouty went missing along with pfc . joseph j . anzack jr . , 20 , of torrance , california , following a may 12 ambush on a military observation post south of baghdad ."
"according to the national agricultural statistic service , honey production declined by 11 percent in 2006 , and honey prices per pound increased 14 percent , from 91 . 8 cents in 2005 to 104 . 2 cents in 2006 ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"most of the victims died in the fire , said emergency officials , and dna forensic experts from paris would be needed to identify the bodies ."
"he was a unique person and absolutely russian in his soul , in his impulsiveness and in his intellect ."
more on the ball s new glow from waterford s peter cheney .
"she has got a resemblance to madeleine but when you see her properly , it is obvious it isn t her ."
the difference is something like 700 to 800 votes and that s well within the threshold the state law sets for an automatic recount .
"on monday , the eu increased sanctions on burma and the us said it was considering strengthening its own ."
"still , the little card boasts the laudable concept of turning your digital camera into another smart object that can connect to the world wide web"
"after the recall , lee der maintained that its paint supplier , cheung s best friend , supplied fake paint used in the toys , the southern metropolis daily said ."
"germany is among the countries negotiating with iran over its nuclear program , which the u . s . and others fear intends to build atomic weapons ."
"donald parfitt , 44 , was arrested after the sun newspaper told police it received a call from a shifty sounding man offering three chapters of the book for 25 , 000 pounds us 40 , 000 ."
we re going to let the columbia accident board guide us in terms of their findings about what caused this accident .
"the spacecraft broke up while re entering earth s atmosphere near the end of its mission on february 1 , 2003 ."
"despite being bond producer albert broccoli s best man , grant said , i don t to the offer , and sean connery got the role instead ."
"in the meantime , he says the dogs , which are all named ruppy , are doing well ."
"police searched the residence at the home address cho listed in centreville , a suburb of washington , on monday night , cnn s bob franken reported . view the search warrant pdf"
"the military described mehmet yilmaz , also known as khalid al turki , as a known terrorist and senior leader in al qaeda who operated a cell that facilitated the movement of foreign fighters into iraq for al qaeda operations ."
federal prosecutors say blagojevich tried to sell the appointment to fill president elect barack obama s senate seat .
"i ve personally never seen anything like this all these animals , the sheer volume all waiting for food from the current , expedition member and marine biologist dr . mireille consalvey said monday . it challenged what we as scientists thought we knew ."
"the rudolph giuliani of 2008 first shamelessly turned the horror of 9 11 into a lucrative business , with a secret client list , then exploited his city s and the country s nightmare to promote his presidential campaign , the paper writes , describing giuliani as a narrow , obsessively secretive , vindictive man ."
and he ranted in his end of day private writings about difficulties he was having with son ron and daughter patti .
bush told the veterans of foreign wars convention in cincinnati that the redeployment would create a quicker response system against terrorist threats .
"eight fellow soldiers , throwing a grenade into a barracks where his comrades were sleeping and firing a hail of bullets ."
"that they should even have the audacity to foreclose or evict , given the amount of money that they made off the crisis ."
"the u . s . navy confirmed that the vessel , sirius star , had been stormed by pirates and the crew held hostage ."
"the u . s . embassy in yemen said three explosive rounds hit the compound in the upscale haddah neighborhood . two rounds exploded inside the compound and another blew up outside the building , it said in a statement ."
"and the manner of his comprehensive victory left little doubt that federer , who has won 12 other grand slam titles , may struggle for many years to come in his bid to defeat his nemesis ."
"jerusalem cnn a gunman opened fire on people inside a jewish seminary in jerusalem on thursday , killing at least eight , police and rescue officials said ."
the dollar slipped to 100 . 84 japanese yen from 102 . 04 yen following reports in the media that merrill lynch co . will announce 6 billion to 8 billion in new write downs thursday .
"you don t have to be a lawyer to understand that there must be a motive behind such a crime , he said . alexander was not my enemy ."
hilschenz declined to testify at her original trial said at
"serbs also staged anti independence rallies on sunday in geneva , switzerland , vienna , austria , and other european capitals ."
"neither clinton nor obama will win the 2 , 024 delegates needed to capture the nomination outright , meaning the superdelegates probably will determine the democratic nominee ."
japan s abhorrent practice of enslaving women to provide sex for its troops in world war ii has a little known sequel
chinese authorities have issued a much lower death toll and said most of those killed were innocent victims han chinese targeted by tibetans .
"a vision of america where growth is not based on real estate bubbles or over leveraged banks , but on a firm foundation of investment in energy , education and health care ."
"according to gleaves whitney , a presidential historian at michigan s grand valley state university , ii chronicles 7 14 was used for three swearing in ceremonies if my people , who are called by my name , will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways , then will i hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land ."
democratic presidential candidates faced questions directly from voters on monday in the first cnn youtube debate .
virginia election officials also predicted a higher than normal turnout of 30 to 40 percent for the state s primaries .
"shortages of zimbabwe bank notes created the premium on bank transfers , said the illegal dealer ."
the pope s year end message to church leaders sparked anger among gay and lesbian religious groups .
"not the pledge itself . according to a study published monday in the journal pediatrics , pledge takers are as likely to have sex before marriage as other teens who are also religious , but don t take the pledge ."
"that could bring locally heavy rainfall to a good portion of south central and central portions of the united states , and possibly enhance some of the snowfall , making it very heavy across portions of colorado ."
"as new studies continue to showcase vitamin d s potential benefits , more scientists are calling for increased recommendations ."
aiko actually means love child in japanese but the software engineer denies he has created the robot for sex .
n . k . insists to operate nuclear program for peaceful purposes .
critics say both goals would have been better served by a series of smaller dams .
golf legend ballesteros has brain tumor
no photos were ever shown of that event .
he is believed to be honest .
"and the portuguese television station sic , citing police sources , reported that dna matches to the girl were found in the car ."
"baseball s doormat since starting play in 1998 , the rays were a 200 1 shot to win the world series before the season started ."
bush and his republican allies in congress call the withdrawal timetable contained in the bill an admission of defeat .
"girls crying is still the backbone of the show , said mike fleiss , who produces the franchise ."
the dead zone usually begins forming in the spring and stays through summer and into the fall .
"responsible citizens , building communities of service and a nation of character ."
"ioc legal adviser francois carrard , who assisted the disciplinary panel investigating the case , said the u . s . olympic committee had been ordered to return the medals ."
that would significantly weaken musharraf s grip on power in pakistan .
"duffy , coldplay and leona lewis are among the strongest contenders ."
al maliki also addressed his government s position toward militias and troop levels in his country .
"hushovd , who won last year s opening prologue and the closing sprint on the champs elysees , paid tribute to australian team mate julian dean , who piloted him through the pack in the final kilometer ."
"the admission could also have a ripple effect throughout the sports world , particularly for the investigation into alleged doping by other high profile athletes ."
marines fired bombs on a mosque .
"why do you come to the academy awards when the world is in such turmoil , kidman said ."
"you have touched our hearts , former munchkin mickey carroll , 88 , told the crowd ."
thaksin was abroad at the time he was ousted and now lives mostly in london .
veteran crewmates peggy whitson of the united states and yuri malenchenko of russia also looked worn out .
"we had a good conversation , he said . we re looking forward to seeing each other tomorrow and campaigning on friday ."
"tomorrow afternoon , arizona hosts the philadelphia eagles in the nfc title game ."
defense officials said the flight had been authorized .
"new york times columnist and princeton scholar paul krugman is the nobel has won the nobel , rather for economics ."
"the quake was felt as far as away as malaysia and singapore , where several office buildings were evacuated ."
many of the school children were injured from flying glass from broken windows .
obesity has become a hot topic as we lead increasingly sedentary lives .
i think the democratic forces of the world will stand with pakistan and democracy .
world number six andy roddick has withdrawn from the french open because of a right shoulder injury .
bergersen admitted handing over the secrets in exchange for gifts including dinners and a trip to las vegas .
"in addition to playing with toys and hanging out with your fellow rats , here are five other tips for keeping your memory sharp ."
"on insoo s nate on messenger , provided by the same company behind cyworld sk communications , a small icon pops up next to insoo s friend s name ."
"cnn a coldblooded killer and a coldblooded tycoon led the oscar nominations tuesday , with a lawyer suffering from an ethical crisis also earning a strong showing ."
"the bank s board , which includes government representatives from the bank s 185 member countries , was meeting on the matter thursday ."
"a world that is greatly out of balance in matters of health is neither stable nor secure , she said in a statement from almaty , kazakhstan , where the report was released ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the operation has netted 1 , 330 detainees since the start of last week s crackdown , with 240 of them being released , khalaf said ."
"i both feel sympathy and anger at the last king and his family , said kim jae chun , a taxi driver . i understand why people do not want to think about the subject ."
"zubkov , who turns 66 on saturday , is considerably older than most russian political leaders ."
"still in print after more than a century , the books have inspired numerous film and television adaptations and a popular musical , oliver !"
opportunity reached the lip of the crater last month and scouted for entry points .
"it includes an account of a prisoner strapped to a tiger bench , as device that forces the legs to bend sometimes until they break ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
abramovich who in 2005 acquired a specially modified boeing 767er denied the report .
they saw nine numbers displayed on a computer screen .
"clements said that there was a youtube esque aesthetic to the daily show videos , which will be about two minutes in length each night ."
"bae , the leader of the group of church volunteers taken hostage in afghanistan by the taliban , was killed on july 25 and his body was found a short time later dumped on a road ."
temptation is always there but now i ll avoid it the right way .
"other factors involved in loneliness include individuals levels of social skill , fear of rejection , and self confidence , leary said ."
"his remarks came in the face of growing opposition from political circles and the public to his proposal , which according to the korea herald is largely seen as an electoral ploy ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the two australian benjamin potts and briton giles lane boarded the yushin maru 2 from the sea shepherd vessel the steve irwin .
the seventh of her career celebrates both the drama and quiet contemplation that come with the winter season .
video clips taken on the water were shown as the two men talked .
"a helicopter crashed into a building in panama city on thursday , killing 11 of the 12 people aboard , including chile s federal police chief , a panamanian government official said ."
chaudhry had not arrived at the scene when the explosives detonated .
"swedish automaker volvo ab , owned by ford motor co . , will have its plug in hybrid concept at the show ."
"the remains of the dead german are as of this evening in kabul , foreign ministry spokesman martin jaeger said in a statement . after an initial visual examination by german authorities , it was noticed that the body had gunshot wounds ."
"well , the annual white house correspondents association dinner is tonight a black tie event that attracts a mix of politicians , celebrities , and journalists ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
police identified the gunman as robert a . hawkins of nebraska .
afghan president hamid karzai has pledged not to swap prisoners for hostages after being heavily criticized for releasing five taliban from jail in march in exchange for an italian reporter .
she recalled in 1968 for 10 years i was the wisecracking lady reporter who stormed the city desk snapping .
"now that prodi has lost the senate vote , napolitano could name a new prime minister , but he will most likely call for snap elections ."
"north korea repeated the demand in this week s talks , according to the choson sinbo , a korean language newspaper based in japan which has links to the pyongyang government ."
"in 1985 , nasa picked new hampshire teacher christa mcauliffe from 11 , 000 applicants to be the first teacher to fly into space ."
"the unification ministry echoed those expressions of regret , questioning pyongyang s sincerity ."
"roma , who lost to inter in the last two finals , were desperate to avoid a third straight defeat and quickly doubled their lead when daniele de rossi diverted a volley from philippe mexes into the net on five minutes ."
"television s dr . phil mcgraw said britney spears was released from a hospital saturday but still needs psychological help , the syndicated programs entertainment tonight and the insider reported in a press release ."
the question is really
"i think we re behind , but i think it s a margin there , and i think we re coming on all the , all the indicators that we re coming up ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the bitten off chunk of the telltale sausage was discovered at a building that had been broken in to in the southern city of darmstadt in april , police said thursday ."
"we have asked the venues to improve on this , to increase the number to sit down toilets , yao hui , deputy director of venue management for the beijing organizers , said wednesday . many people have raised the question of toilets ."
use back blows . put your baby face down on your forearm and give him four swift blows between his shoulder blades with the palm of your hand .
president bush s spokesman on monday denied a published report that described intensifying debate among white house officials over whether to begin a gradual pullback of u . s . troops in iraq .
"in a season in which italian football has been dragged through the mud by match fixing and football violence , wednesday s result perhaps completed the process of rehabilitation that began with the country s world cup success in germany last july ."
flying with the flu ?
"people who have over 300 , 000 won in overdue debt for more than three months , or at least three cases of being overdue , were categorized as credit delinquents under the old system ."
defense secretary donald rumsfeld denied lobbying behind the scenes .
"this is an important milestone for military commissions , said cmdr . j . d . gordon , a pentagon spokesman ."
"in china , about 3 million workers are working in the toy industry , providing toys to children all across the world , he said ."
the national intelligence estimate nie published on monday took u . s . friends and foes by surprise after years of stridentrhetoric from washington accusing tehran of pursuing a covert nuclear weapons program .
"he s now out on 10 , 000 bail ."
draft likely to be reduced
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
israel wants to live in peace in the region but we cannot because hamas is targeting our civilians .
hawkins body was found on the third floor of the von maur store inside westroads mall .
"gen . david richards , who was replaced sunday as nato s commander , told ap on saturday that very surgical and deliberate force would be used to evict the fighters from musa qala , where he said the alliance s strategy of avoiding military action has driven a wedge between residents and taliban insurgents ."
"he monitors the changing ice sheet through a network of global positioning systems and weather stations , which have recorded a dramatic rise in temperatures since the mid 1990s ."
"other tv winners included richard shepard for comedy directing on the pilot episode of ugly betty , jon cassar for drama directing for an episode of 24 , and chicago filmmaker rob marshall for musical variety directing for tony bennett"
"whether it was on the economy or issues in general , both candidates talked about working together during the presidential campaign"
prosecutors approved the deal after an appeals court overturned richey s conviction and death sentence last year .
"this weight loss was comparable to that achieved in commercial programs , but not as good as losses in behavioral programs , where participants typically lost 20 pounds in 24 weeks ."
"meanwhile , australia has announced sanctions against burma s rulers ."
the russian foreign ministry and nuclear officials said the fuel delivery was under full iaea safeguards .
they can t concentrate that early when driving that early in the dark .
eye fi 4gb anniversary edition sd card
"rita foley , washington ."
"the garden is placed near a wall of the cathedral of christ the light , which was consecrated september 25 ."
"the u . s . navy delivered 3 , 000 gallons of drinking water to hard hit barisal district on friday , u . s . embassy spokeswoman amy vrampas said ."
"east timor s governing party has given its backing to the country s embattled prime minister mari alkatiri , ignoring widespread calls for him to quit ."
"the backpack was taken to a lab , where explosives specialists were examining its contents . there were a lot of nails in that bag ."
"she serves on the energy and commerce , natural resources , and energy independence and global warming committees ."
"the procedure went flawlessly , the plant reported ."
"the discovery , led by paleontologist david krause at new york s stony brook university , was published monday by the journal proceedings of the national academy of sciences ."
"the 30 year old man fainted at a cyber cafe in the city of guangzhou saturday afternoon after he had been playing games online for three days , the beijing news reported ."
wayne rooney scored two second half goals as england maintained their perfect start to world cup qualifying with a 3 1 win over belarus in minsk on wednesday night .
"her parents embarked on a high profile campaign to highlight their daughter s plight , traveling throughout europe and africa ."
typically you ll get a terrific view from the air and then land on the glacier .
"in baghdad , a witness reported seeing anti aircraft artillery on the roof of the ministry building , which was burning as emergency vehicles rushed to the scene ."
"details were not released about the breakup , but statements from both parties seemed to indicate irreconcilable differences ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"bangkok , thailand cnn thai policemen who break rules will be forced to wear hot pink armbands featuring hello kitty , the japanese icon of cute , as a mark of shame , a senior officer said monday ."
the united states accuses iran of fomenting terror attacks worldwide and pursuing a nuclear program that could lead to the development of weaponry .
"the pcs and separate batteries were sold directly by the computer manufacturers , electronics stores and online retailers worldwide , not by sony ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
draft likely to be reduced
"as caterers whose repertoire has long included cupcakes , chef bill dertouzo and partner susan mcalindon of dainties cupcakes were well positioned to ride the retro wave ."
vatican officials said on monday that the mccann family would be among those brought up to greet the pope during his weekly audience with faithful in st . peter s square .
"asian champions gamba started brightly , but were undone when vidic was left unmarked at the far post to head home a ryan giggs corner ."
"threats against her , she said , were made by certain people who have gained a lot through dictatorship ."
"after a long session , the house of representatives voted 173 32 to dismiss the opposition s complaint against her ."
"in the 40 years since its recording , carnival of light has acquired near mythical status among beatles fans who argue that the existence of the track provides evidence of the group s experimental ambitions beyond their commercially successfully pop career ."
"all i can say is that , bit by bit , i feel more sorry for him , kampusch , now 19 , said in a 50 minute documentary aired on austrian television monday night to mark her first year of freedom ."
"he gets a report about every single soldier who passes away , she said . and he always pauses a moment to think about them and to offer a prayer for their loved ones and their family and friends ."
"be waged and won for hearts and minds here at home and round the world , he said ."
"under the agreement , the ruling uri party will discuss with gnp a possible revision of the controversial private schools law for development and eradication of corruption at private schools ."
"indiana secretary of state todd rokita will not release official figures until the end of the day , but said turnout looked more like a general election than a primary ."
"the sleepless nights , the woozy days and the foggy minds of jet lag are the bane of any business traveler s life ."
the withdrawal does not affect medicines intended for children ages 2 and older .
"i am very disappointed , he said . when i saw his face , he seemed to be at peace ."
she bought the land from a government agency despite an anti corruption law barring politicians and their spouses from doing business with state agencies .
"in a matter of minutes bulldozers level the place , leaving devi and her family perched on a bed atop a sea of rubble ."
gesshinkyo serves a modern version of the style .
nighttime hanami is known as yozakura and paper lanterns are hung in ueno park for the occasion .
"information and communication minister chin dae je urged lg , the country s second largest conglomerate , and hanaro to settle the dispute on their own ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2810700
at that point i wasn t smart enough as an actor to let the movie be
"at the more than 30 test events held by organizers , the presence of squat toilets at many of the new and renovated venues has drawn frequent complaints ."
"it s permanently crippling and it should never be performed by anyone , says laura brown , an animal care specialist at people for the ethical treatment of animals peta ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"players get points each time they help aliens , some of which are worth more than others because they re hard to find or have special abilities ."
"the blast would mark a rare attack by the separatist group on a purely civilian target in recent years , though civilians have been killed in attacks on government and military targets ."
lawson and ogren had neither .
the prosecution thursday said it plans to summon hyundai automotive chairman chung mong koo and his son to question them over allegations about slush funds and illegal wealth transfer .
"critics said that it was inappropriate for the opposition party to seek a presidential meeting through the nominee s personal network , not going through official diplomatic channels ."
"the golden boy has magic and mystery and therefore every person all over the world will see what egypt is doing to preserve the golden boy , and all of them i am sure will come to see the golden boy , egypt s antiquities chief zahi hawass told reporters under the intense luxor sun ."
"in washington , u . s . state department deputy spokesman tom casey said the united states supported iraq s efforts to conduct its diplomatic relations the way it sees fit ."
diyarbakir is the largest city in the mainly kurdish southeast .
"white stunned the crowd with a unique hip hop version of enka , melodramatic japanese folk music that resonates with the elderly but tends not to interest the young ."
"williams , the champion in 2000 , 2001 and 2005 , overpowered the russian second seed , the 2004 winner , and now faces sharapova s compatriot svetlana kuznetsova for a place in the semifinals ."
the government is actually housing an alien craft and crew here .
"if pyongyang does not officially announce its return to the negotiating table by next week , the possibility of reopening the multilateral dialogue within this year will become really slim , an official in seoul said on thursday ."
"scratching posts , bottles of citrus spray , even little plastic covers for the nails of her two cats ."
"dubai , united arab emirates cnn"
the two also exchanged accusations over clinton s recent comment that the united states could obliterate iran if the islamic state were to attack israel with nuclear weapons .
the news came as farmers and aid groups warned of a future food crisis after the cyclone destroyed swathes of fertile rice growing land .
"kazmierczak was a student about 175 miles away at the university of illinois at urbana champaign , police said , and there were no red flags warning of any violent behavior ."
"most of those killed were in tennessee , following the iraqi parliament s unanimous recommendation to reject the return of u . n . weapons inspectors , he is looking forward to receiving the country s final decision ."
"german goalkeeper nadine angerer also saved a penalty from world player of the year marta , to preserve her side s remarkable record of not conceding a goal in the entire tournament ."
"president roh moo hyun said he is open to the possibility of leaving the ruling uri party if it would help push through a constitutional amendment to allow for two consecutive , four year presidential terms ."
the judge in the michael jackson case has ruled that previous allegations of child abuse against the singer can be introduced as evidence in his trial .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the holiday , which follows a lunar calendar , will begin around january 9 and end about february 6 ."
"in over 70 years of ministry , graham has preached to more than 215 million people in person and in 185 countries ."
"the two ministers warned during the press conference , iraqi terrorist groups attempt to achieve their goals in a way of indiscriminately kidnapping and threatening civilians . with the government s plan to dispatch additional forces nearing , the foreign affairs and trade minister ban ki moon and defense minister yoo kwang woong held a press conference and requested that people refrain from traveling to iraq and nations deemed dangerous ."
check her out from behind and you can read the cover letter .
olmert announced the prisoner release at a summit with abbas and the leaders of egypt and jordan in this red sea resort that the arabs and palestinians are hoping can push forward the peace process and strengthen abbas hand .
the party has run a task force to seek alternative policy options that can replace its hard line policy toward the north since march .
many changes are taking place in food styles in the united states .
"to go full gretchen , ullman decided to smoke during production after 21 years of abstinence ."
"at the time of its discovery in 1919 , vitamins a , b , and c were already identified"
"the militia , identified as the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta , later indicated it was willing to release the hostages in exchange for the freeing of asari , the leader of the illegal niger delta people s volunteer force ."
"diplomats said monday s scheduled talks with iran will be limited to discussions about iraq s security , and not about the unresolved issues of detained americans in iran or the country s nuclear program ."
"fully developed by the korea railroad research institute in late 2002 , the plan was to purchase 100 trains , for an estimated 300 billion won 250 million , and put them to work on the seoul jeolla province line by 2007 ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
small service stations are running into a problem as gasoline marches toward 4 a gallon in the united states
"because i learned that when i had my kids , people started praying for me immediately , for the survival of the octuplets ."
"madonna s publicist said sunday that details of a divorce settlement are yet to be finalized , dismissing reports that the couple had agreed to a custody arrangement for the couple s children ."
"in many cases , patients also spend less time under the knife ."
"south korea s national intelligence agency said it was checking the validity of the report , as was the defense ministry ."
al qaeda s tv production unit promised on monday a new message from osama bin laden would be made public soon .
"beijing allows urban dwellers to have one child , while villagers can have two if the first child is a girl ."
i plan to bring back some shocking pictures of u . s . soldiers acts of brutality .
the condition of the other two was not immediately known .
a joint statement said the transaction would be earnings neutral to positive in financial year 2008 and earnings accretive by at least 10 percent in financial year 2009 .
"like galuyev , tens of thousands of chechens are afraid to return to their homeland , where air strikes , artillery barrages and rebel attacks break out daily , but are under pressure to leave their camps ."
pyongyang withdrew indefinitely from six nation talks on its nuclear status in february .
"she feels that rather than these things being stuck in a drawer with nobody enjoying them , real enthusiasts could get their hands on these things , muston said ."
"aboriginal leaders have condemned the ruling as too lenient , and have demanded bradley be stood down ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn assassinated pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto s party will restart its campaign this week to unseat president pervez musharraf s ruling party from parliament following the end of its self imposed mourning period ."
"cyworld is regarded as popular among 20 year old women , which is exactly why an 12 year old girl aspires to use the service ."
"ten percent of saudis have a favorable view of the al qaeda terrorist network , according to a survey by terror free tomorrow , an international public opinion research group based in washington ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"by placing me in the lead and madame royal in second position , voters clearly marked their wish to have a definitive debate on two ideas of the nation , two projects of society , two value systems , he said ."
the governor said the taliban were not asking for a ransom but were demanding the release of prisoners from ghazni province and now from other provinces as well .
the letter was also supported by the greens party and independents .
"president roh moo hyun has expressed strong opposition to the possible imposition of sanctions or military strikes against north korea , stressing that the current standoff over the north s nuclear weapons program should be resolved peacefully through the six party dialogue ."
amy winehouse hospitalized for drug reaction
"finding and isolating the dna was one thing , but sequencing the genome had its own challenges , scientists said ."
"space shuttle atlantis is set to capture the hubble space telescope on its robot arm at midday , 350 miles above the earth ."
"moore ede , a physiology professor at harvard medical school , estimates that the costs of fatigue"
"cnn sudan has arrested a british teacher for insulting faith and religion , the british foreign office said monday ."
but cheong wa dae said that neither that roh nor his aides registered him for the primary elections .
"if it prolongs , but not in the first hour of the strike ."
"former no . 1 williams ranking will improve from eighth to sixth , while zvonareva moves from ninth to seventh ."
zimbabwe s government has accused australia of funding violence in an attempt to remove president robert mugabe from power .
i ve found that candidate .
"the father , a teacher who enjoys swimming , coaches his daughter and said the family does not have enough money for her to have a better coach ."
it is expected that parliament would then be dissolved and an election called in january .
"according to the arabic language network , the video was created by al qaeda in the maghreb , a regional al qaeda affiliate in north africa that has claimed responsibility for the april 11 terrorist attacks , which targeted the prime minister s office in algiers and a police station in the eastern part of the capital ."
"north and south korea along with china and the united states will start discussions to replace the armistice treaty which ended the korean war in 1953 with a peace treaty , a steppingstone to a normalized relationship between the u . s . and north korea , according to sources on monday ."
"in san francisco , there s a man picking his nose on a street corner , another fellow taking out the trash and another guy scaling the outside of an apartment building , perhaps just for fun or maybe for some more sinister purpose ."
"in caracas , chavez clad in his trademark red shirt and cradling his grandson made the sign of the cross and voted , then took his paper ballot and placed it in a box ."
"after the helicopter went down , a quick reaction force was called in to recover it , the official said , and the two bradleys were blown up by roadside bombs ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn u . s . and iraqi troops killed at least 68 al qaeda militants in iraq s diyala province in the past four days , the u . s . military reported on friday ."
u . s . military officials have told cnn that commanders are reviewing a classified planning order that could result in troops going to pakistan for training purposes if pakistan s government approves .
"early reports indicated some homes were damaged and people may be missing , journalist patzy vazquez told cnn en espa ntilde"
draft likely to be reduced
18 or more presidential aspirants through the media and grass roots work .
"but he said , most of the money in this account has already transferred out . there will probably not be another transfer ."
"now 17 , elden says he was paid 1 , 000 to re enact the famous pool pose for photographers ."
but you know it when you see it .
"finding this little one alive is a comfort that i will take with me for the rest of my life , he said ."
"last week , police detained a u . s . marine in the alleged rape of a 14 year old girl on okinawa a case that has stirred outrage across japan ."
study links sexual content on tv to teen pregnancy
deputy national security adviser jim jeffrey suggested that the incident was caused by perhaps a translation error .
figure out what new responsibility you are capable and willing to assume and ask that it be given to you .
draft likely to be reduced
exit polls out of west virginia indicate that only 36 percent of clinton s supporters would vote for obama if he were the nominee .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
cjd routinely claims one person per million population every year .
"gnp chairman kang jae sup said , it was quite shocking that the spy agency can gain access to 17 different government run online systems to inspect details of citizens property transactions ."
critics see the emergency as an attempt by musharraf who seized power in a 1999 coup and promised to restore democracy to strengthen his grip over the nuclear armed country amid calls for him to quit as army chief .
two democratic officials told cnn the investigation involves a california company that won municipal bond business in new mexico after contributing money to various richardson causes .
"although school principals have observed that the bacteria predominantly affects student athletes , cases have been reported in children of elementary school age as well ."
"but this all has to happen under the umbrella of national will , the government and the law ."
"even before all of the leaders had arrived , the us had flatly refused to sign up to a binding deal on slashing greenhouse gases , a key summit goal ."
"u . s . defense secretary robert gates said wednesday that he saw little chance of war erupting among colombia , ecuador and venezuela ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
australia s foreign minister has told an inquiry that he was not aware of reports that wheat exporters were making illegal payments to iraq .
"others said abe s exit could prove positive in the longer term , if it clears the air and allows the ruling liberal democratic party to stabilize after a series of political missteps ."
there were three people in the car with him giving him instructions .
cutting away and not eating bruised or damaged areas of the cantaloupe .
"jacques rogge , international olympic committee president"
"there is late word from the national association of realtors that home sales fell another 3 last month the typical sales price plunged to 175 , 000 ."
police are not releasing the daughter s name because she is a juvenile .
tokyo is bracing itself for a deadly storm that has killed three people and forced thousands from their homes .
"with the presidential elections looming next year , the next nts head would have had less than a year in office ."
"van basten , a former dutch star striker , previously announced he would be leaving ."
"armed with a warrant , 30 policemen tried to enter the office in yeouido , but 20 members of the chung campaign physically blocked them ."
"two pitchers , both as rural as hay , are now working for the pittsburgh pirates ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"he said he spoke to her about the wooden box after the crash , but the fact that the contents were later stolen is evidence that she tried to conceal them , he said ."
"a speech to the people of pakistan is recorded over a montage of old video , and begins with bin laden reciting prayers and citations from the quran in arabic ."
"the rogue church bought 1 , 900 acres near eldorado four years ago and built what it calls the yfz ranch ."
"before kishore , his father and grandfather did the same job ."
he died six months before the second concert to inaugurate the new festspielhaus in baden baden .
the legislative analyst s office shows the deficit reaching a staggering 28 billion by mid 2010 .
"along with the birth control pill in the 60s , this pill really changed people , society and medicine , goldstein said ."
"dr . david dodson , an expert on men s health at the marino center in wellesley , massachusetts , recommends that healthy men under 50 get a regular checkup every 18 months . after 50 , he suggests , men should see their doctors annually ."
"but researchers speculated that it developed around the same time as or even later than the first two wing , birdlike dinosaur , archaeopteryx , which is believed to have flown by actually flapping its wings ."
"for the time being brazil has not yet been given the world cup , blatter said shortly ahead of tuesday s formal handover ."
"for that , it is necessary that germany , which today holds the eu presidency , and france , which has always been its privileged partner in europe , see eye to eye on this ."
"their meeting , china s foreign ministry told reporters , resulted in agreement on the issue that generally echoed a un statement issued friday ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn researchers in a remote jungle in indonesia have discovered a giant rat and a tiny possum that are apparently new to science , underscoring the stunning biodiversity of the southeast asian nation , scientists said monday ."
"firefighters would remain at the hotel until the fire is completely knocked out , said clark county fire chief steven m . smith ."
kaplan added that the company had subcontracted the work .
the girl started the sport when she was six and her father said her goal is to one day swim across the english channel .
the wfp halted its food distribution program in mogadishu following the october 17 incident to safeguard the safety of its other staff .
"in a conference call tuesday , bartz acknowledged the many problems yahoo is facing ."
"police in southeastern ghazni province confirmed that the dead man s bullet riddled body was found in the qara bagh district , where the koreans were kidnapped july 19 ."
"on the bright side , 47 said the economy should get better in the next year ."
it widened and lengthened existing runways and widened runway shoulders to allow the plane to maneuver .
"it surpasses a 1999 ban of 35 million pounds processed meat , the associated press reported ."
beckham was also involved moments later as his clever reverse pass saw lampard bursting through but this time lehmann was able to keep out his strike .
"it was conducting antiterrorism operations in nine other west bank towns , including ramallah and bethlehem ."
"53 , 000 more employees of the banking giant are losing their jobs in the months to come ."
"authorities were trying to get heavy lifting equipment to affected villages on the main island of java , said search and rescue chief eko prayitno , but blocked roads were hampering the efforts ."
"carlin was best known for his routine seven words you can never say on television , which appeared in 1972 s class clown album ."
wen s visit would be the first by a top chinese leader since then premier zhu rongji in october 2000 .
here are 5 actors and the legendary roles they turned down
"izakaya offer sake and beer and usually have an open counter where chefs rustle up a selection of dishes that will include sashimi , noodles and yakitori ."
"new delhi , india cnn call centers and other outsourced businesses such as software writing , medical transcription and back office work employ more than 1 . 6 million young men and women in india , mostly in their 20s and 30s , who make much more than their contemporaries in most other professions ."
jamie lee curtis went shirtless to pose for aarp the magazine .
other record setting attempts that sparked controversy included a dutch man who attempted to scale the peak wearing only shorts .
living in a cage in hong kong
the meeting is the result of pressure from washington which has been warning iraq s leaders to work harder on unity .
"breaking news from capitol hill , where a senate panel has endorsed hillary clinton for secretary of state ."
"and at four sea world parks , guests can watch a stunt show with buzzing speedboats based on baywatch , the popular tv series ."
new york cnn the woman alleged to have been hired by new york governor eliot spitzer reportedly revealed thursday she had gone without sleep since the scandal broke earlier this week and said she did not want to be thought of as a monster .
lloyd s home was among dozens of homes lost in wildfires in southern california .
"also thursday , the u . n . security council appealed for the early release of the detainees , and iranian state television broadcast five seconds of footage that it said was of the operation that seized the 15 british sailors and marines in iranian territorial waters last week ."
"the problem , confined to the urine side of the commode , forced the orbiting outpost s crew of an american astronaut and two russian cosmonauts to flush manually with extra water several times a day ."
"as president barack obama approaches the end of his first 100 days , more americans indicate the country is on the right track ."
the announcement followed weeks of speculation and rumors that the couple s marriage of 11 years was in trouble .
"the pakistani army says it has found 73 bodies inside a mosque compound in islamabad , after fierce battles between soldiers and gunmen inside ."
"south korean alliance , forged during the 1950 53 korean war ."
president george w bush s nominee to be the new commander of us military forces in the middle east has called for a new and different approach in iraq .
"pyeongchang , competing with salzburg , austria , and sochi , russia , has been playing host to the delegation ."
the residence is also where korea s first electric light was installed and lit in 1887 .
"police have said they were gravely concerned about the girl s mother , anan liu , also known as anni , because she had not come forward after news broke about her daughter being found in the train station ."
it is thought the south korean aid workers are being held in a number of small groups in a village about 10km from ghazni town center .
"he did so after the remains of a red canoe he paddled into the north sea , off northeastern england , washed up on shore near his home in seaton carew in march 2002 ."
"chelsea had to come from behind at the mestalla stadium , where david villa put valencia ahead in just the ninth minute ."
"olice are investigating how a porn video was posted on yahoo korea , one of the nation s largest portal sites ."
that recommendation comes from a drug company trade group .
the prime minister said al sadr s movement is committed to banning armed groups and not interfering with the new security plan .
guns n roses became guns n roses n lawyers this week .
even the bulletproof windows of big banks were smashed .
"besides smoking , other causes for the rise in the disease include high fat diets including fast food and decreased physical activity , reflective of increasingly western lifestyles , the report found ."
fossella has said he will not seek re election .
"according to the department of corrections , balfour , 27 , is on parole ."
"all could find a reason to interfere in iraq , he said , including opposition to the u . s . troop presence , and sectarian and political differences ."
"senna s family accused almeida of pressuring senna to change his will , removing 11 brothers and sisters as potential beneficiaries ."
carl gutierrez was acquitted on charges he used government workers and public money to build and improve his cliffside ranch .
"he suffered shrapnel wounds and has been evacuated to germany , the sources said ."
"twenty four civilians were killed in what a human rights group and military prosecutors said was a house to house rampage by marines after a bomb exploded , killing a marine ."
bush and secretary of state condoleezza rice have pledged a robust verification process to double check north korea s claims . and north korea has promised to allow u . s . inspectors access to the yongbyon facility and to interview its nuclear experts .
"he appeared to be homeless , officials said no name or age were released ."
"she stars as a woman grappling with an unexpected pregnancy in the independent romantic comedy waitress , which has been warmly received by critics ."
"but they agreed that candid conversation does work , and simply talking about sex to teenagers does not encourage sexual activity ."
"mrs clinton , who began the day with a visit to a child study centre at yale university where she volunteered as a law student , was later expected to make stops in massachusetts and new york ."
"defense secretary robert gates is asking for nearly 190 billion from congress to help fund the wars in iraq and afghanistan , an increase from the amount requested earlier this year ."
"in fact , sumo is an immensely skilful sport that has been around for some 2 , 000 years and is steeped in shinto mythology ."
darling said ahead of his trip that he would express british concern about china s crackdown in tibet and appeal for restraint . but he made no mention of the issue as he and wang appeared briefly before reporters following their meeting .
"the u . s . banned ivory imports in 1976 , and the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora effectively outlawed trade in elephant tissue in 1989 ."
"and unless the wheels come off his wagon , he was likely to hold that lead , said david gergen , a former adviser to both republican and democratic candidates ."
in recent years it has been hit by a series of female suicides and features in the novel snow by nobel prize winner orhan pamuk .
she did not say how the child was conceived .
the santiago daily el mercurio on monday reported that officials believe the hacker was a peruvian .
"i really wanted to stay inside the house as is our country s tradition , but dictatorship and cruelty forced me to fight against that"
"researchers can now give various proteins and cells different colors , enabling them to follow different biological processes at the same time , the foundation said ."
"the singer neil diamond lost half his fortune an estimated 150 million when he separated from his wife of 25 years , marcia murphy , in 1994 , citing irreconcilable differences ."
"up to 200 , 000 comfort women were part of japan s wartime military brothel program that started in the 1930s ."
"instead cerberus will contribute 5 billion to the chrysler auto operations it will now control , with just a bit more than another 1 billion going to chrysler s finance arm ."
japan could slip from its position as the world s third largest economy behind the u . s . and euroland by 2015 .
"recent events make clear that there are elements within and outside the country who wish to derail the ongoing process so that they can take advantage of the chaos that would follow , he said ."
that they said caused considerable damage and flung debris as it moved east at 23 miles per hour .
consider it small time porn for the small screen .
this operation recently passed a significant milestone as it racked up more than one million individually identifiable computers known to be part of one bot net or another .
"the decision to move the troops came last month when defense secretary robert gates visited the then commander in afghanistan , lt . gen . karl eikenberry ."
the president s chief of staff says treasury secretary timothy geithner s job is not in danger over those aig bonuses .
federal prosecutors say blagojevich tried to sell the appointment to fill president elect barack obama s senate seat .
"alan greenspan is still commanding attention and 100 , 000 per speech a year after leaving his position as chairman of the federal reserve , according to a published report ."
the atlantis played host to the opening celebration thursday night .
her captor killed himself by throwing himself under a train only hours after she fled .
"on july 8 , 1947 , a local military office issued a press release saying that pieces of a crashed disk were recovered ."
"citing phone records from the police investigation , al lahim said the man was trying to blackmail his client ."
obama received significant boost to his campaign friday when he received the backing of the 1 . 9 million member service employees international union .
"most houses in the region are made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron , and had no chance of withstanding the storm s powerful winds ."
to charges stemming from what prosecutors say was the biggest ponzi scheme in history .
"twenty four people have died and some 827 , 000 people have been evacuated in 14 different provinces , the ministry of civil affairs said monday ."
"duarte , a member of the ruling colorado party who was barred from running for a second five year presidential term in last april s elections , instead ran for and won a seat in paraguay s senate ."
"and mr bush s republicans deserved to lose control of congress in last year s elections , he charges ."
"bonis , 29 , had spent hours playing nintendo co . s new video game in which players simulate real movements . bonis had been playing simulated tennis ."
the fishing crew and a fisheries official on board their ship estimated the
"single households will be able to adopt a child from next year , the ministry of health and welfare said tuesday ."
"the government run vicente sotto memorial medical center in the central city of cebu , where the surgery took place , is conducting an investigation , a spokesman said wednesday ."
"jpmorgan chase co . said sunday that it is buying troubled wall street firm bear stearns , amid deepening fears that bear s demise could have sent shockwaves across already shaky financial markets ."
"in a luncheon at chong wa dae with chief editors from 32 news outlets , roh warned that lawmakers and presidential contenders opposing his plan would face a political backlash . he made it clear that he has no intention of retracting his proposal until he is persuaded by opponents ."
"in the long run , americans can be confident about our economic growth ."
"vershbow was responding to a question posted on the embassy s web site section called cafe usa , a korean language message board aimed at south korean internet users ."
"winehouse , 24 , is well known for her song rehab , which describes the singer s reluctance to enter a clinic ."
"earlier , celebrating mass under blue skies in center field at washington s new ballpark , the pope gave a 20 minute homily that focused on hope , repentance , unity and reconciliation among the 70 million catholics in the united states ."
draft likely to be reduced
"unicef says since the start of the war in march 2003 , nearly 15 percent of iraq s total population has fled their homes ."
british prime minister gordon brown said tuesday he was very sorry about gibbons arrest and that the british embassy in khartoum was giving all appropriate consular assistance to her .
"i was suddenly divorced , without a word of warning . that made me so angry , the official quoted her as telling investigators and admitting the allegations ."
"wii fit which retails for 90 , comes with the game and a balance board which is used to calculate your body mass index , weight and measure shifts in your balance at the beginning of each session ."
"about a decade ago , she was in an america online chat room and needed to call herself something ."
an indian sports official who spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to talk to reporters said tuesday that bhutia faxed his decision to the indian olympic association on monday .
"the muslim brotherhood expressed surprise that the whole country was given the day off when , according to prominent brotherhood member essam el erian , only students had complained about occasionally having to take exams on christmas ."
"she s doing good , eisenbud said in a telephone interview . everything s on track ."
"howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
tory leader michael howard has accused tony blair of pussyfooting around immigration problems as the election campaign resumed after a two day pause .
"in what is considered retaliation , china has now banned imports of pork from several us suppliers ."
"the nomination would make dunwoody , appointed the deputy commanding general and chief of staff of the army materiel command last week , to the top spot at the command . the senate must confirm her promotion ."
"decoding a genome , which is called sequencing , means identifying the order of the building blocks ."
"prospects of an agreement at the talks are starting to look bleak , he says ."
"the two cables damaged are flag telecom s flag europe asia cable and seamewe 4 , a cable owned by a consortium of more than a dozen telecommunications companies , beckert said ."
"yonsei university s graduate school of public health surveyed 4 , 000 middle school and high school students ."
"as with much in economics , the importance of human capital is easier to prove in theory than to measure ."
"as a gesture of good will towards the palestinians , i will bring before the israeli cabinet a proposal to free 250 fatah prisoners who do not have blood on their hands , after they sign a commitment not to return to violence , olmert told the gathering ."
"it is important to make efforts to ensure that south and north korea cooperate and six countries each assume their responsibilities , lee said ."
gen petraeus praised significant but uneven improvements in security and said troop levels would need a period of evaluation over the summer .
"the mass graves that we saw are something the people are living with , he said . in some places , they have the full names of those who were buried ."
"about 4 . 3 million koreans are web addicts , according to a survey conducted by the korea agency for digital opportunity and promotion ."
they re threatening to set a new record for december snow in the capital of north dakota
saddam hussein and eleven of his former top aides were turned over to iraqi officials wednesday . the u . s . will maintain physical custody of saddam for security reasons .
the american targeted the event in australia as the first step on his comeback after a three year absence from the sport .
"zheng , 62 , headed the watchdog agency from 1998 to 2005 but was expelled from the ruling communist party earlier this year after investigators said he abused the administration s approval powers to obtain bribes and win illegal profits from drug companies ."
another major figure from a former rival s campaign will also take on a key role
jerusalem cnn 8212 israel reopened some of its border crossings with gaza
"despite their surge , the farmers markets are still a minuscule part of the north s economy ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"it probably hurt the whale , or annoyed him , but it hit him in a non lethal place , he said ."
a study at osaka university found that tama fever was responsible for pumping 10 million into the local economy .
u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice will be in ankara thursday for bilateral meetings with erdogan and turkish president abdullah gul .
flying with the flu ?
al maliki emphasized his political detachment and fairness .
in which companies paid software companies to settle claims that they were using unlicensed software
"bob sullivan , president of the arizona super bowl host committee , knows the pressure is on to not only put on the world s largest neighborhood party , but entice the nfl to come back a lot sooner than 12 years ."
the news comes as south korean president lee myung bak called for dialogue in the midst of escalating tensions between the two nations .
manpower had to be reinforced by machines .
the southern african development community has called on mugabe to postpone friday s vote .
"treasury bond prices also rose , pushing down long term interest rates , in part because the purchasing managers index showed that commodity prices fell in june , reflecting an outlook for continued low inflation ."
"suu kyi s party reacted cautiously , noting the lack of detail on how the referendum would be carried out ."
.
campaign this week with a call for women to send their underwear to the myanmar embassy in ottawa .
"in the tuscan town of arezzo , police chief vincenzo giacobbe said the fatal shooting of the fan was a tragic error that occurred when a police officer intervened in a scuffle between two groups of people along a tuscan highway ."
the pill helped more than 25 million men get their groove back and blasted the topic of erectile dysfunction into the open .
"if you criminalize legal advice , which is basically what they re going to do , then it has a terribly chilling effect on any kind of advice and counsel that the president might receive ."
troops went in to provide support to iraqi security forces after about 50 insurgents attacked .
"video from the scene showed residents in some areas hacking their way through downed trees and trudging through knee deep , swirling brown water ."
"two students were injured by rubber bullets and a third was hit with a tear gas canister , said ana teresa yepez , an administrator at caracas metropolitan university . she said about 20 protesters were treated for inhaling tear gas ."
"there are some 2 , 500 canadian soldiers fighting alongside afghan , american and other nato forces trying to weed out taliban fighters in southern afghanistan ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2780449 there are a billion bluetooth enabled devices in the world cell phones , headsets , cameras , keyboards , printers ."
"cuba also defends north korea , branding the resolution as geopolitical ."
more dreams will be deferred and denied .
"the 81 year old baroness was referring to a marble statue of her that was decapitated in 2002 by a vandal while on loan to guildhall , the town hall for the city of london , the capital s financial district ."
"the perfect place for a government to keep its secrets and , allegedly , the perfect place to commit a crime ."
"a statement from the main buddhist organization leading the demonstrations said five monks have been killed , aye chan naing , chief editor of the democratic voice of burma , told cnn from his office in oslo , norway ."
but will these funds eventually exact a pound of flesh for their investment ?
"the kashmiri red deer or hangul , the state animal , has been declared endangered by the world wildlife fund , and only 500 remain alive in protected areas ."
hanging over the investigation is the internal investigation into what contact his aides might have had with illinois governor rod blagojevich .
paramount and universal pictures release for hd dvd which is backed by toshiba and microsoft .
"the summit between the leaders of south korea and the united states later this week is expected to become a major litmus test of alliance relations , as washington has been making a series of requests on outstanding issues of mutual concern ."
"gazprom will continue supplying gas for its consumers in europe at full volume , the company s chief executive , alexey miller , said ."
"i came up through the ranks of the police department and have lived in this area all my life , the web site quoted him as saying ."
"but rooney s arrival led to a frenzied spell of six goals in 18 minutes , the england striker netting either side of a darren fletcher effort as the european champions kept spirited gamba resistance at bay ."
"in a keynote speech , unification minister lee jae joung offered to resolve the humanitarian issue of prisoners of war pows and abductees believed to be held by north korea ."
she s talking about abusive home loans .
"the pakistani supreme court , packed with judges appointed in recent days by president pervez musharraf , dismissed five major petitions against him monday contesting the validity of his re election , the nation s attorney general said ."
"he smiled and grinned , shook a hand and spoke with the bustling support crew ."
"other duties for the congress include naming a successor to zhu , who is expected to hand over his post as china s top economic official to wen jiabao , a longtime protege ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"four year old bernas isn t the computer wizard his mom is , but he s learning ."
"you need to maintain bone strength for good posture , says lesley fein , m . d . , director of the women s health program at the princeton longevity center in new jersey ."
nobel prize winner jose ramos horta vowed to heal deep political and social rifts in east timor after he won a sweeping victory in presidential elections in asia s newest nation .
the prehistoric humans known to have inhabited the continent at the time of the event hunters and gatherers dubbed the clovis culture
"he ordered a penalty of euro1 , 500 2 , 335 per infraction be applied if the recall is not respected ."
new york cnn warning to starbucks junkies who usually get a fix on their way home from work you re out of luck on tuesday .
the united nations recently warned of a deteriorating humanitarian situation in somalia as a result of soaring food prices and a worsening drought .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the whalers claim sea shepherd activists have injured crew members in the past and accuse them of dangerous harassment .
the main focus at this year s gathering of auto dealers isn t maximizing profits so much as it is survival .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"as a cold rain fell on the devastated community of ryongchon , relief workers warned that more food , blankets and medicine were needed immediately in the impoverished nation ."
only 15 percent of republicans view clinton favorably and 16 percent of democrats have a positive view of romney .
"though , it can t be forgotten that even these talents may find it difficult in the face of one of football s most expensive teams ."
she says the two have been dating a very long time .
prosecutors say they plan to formally press charges within a few weeks .
"wondering about the genesis of this ring , the researchers came across earlier work showing that the galaxy cluster had run into another cluster 1 billion to 2 billion years ago ."
"this election had many firsts and many stories that will be told for generations , obama told the tens of thousands of supporters who had gathered in chicago on tuesday night ."
"chengdu , china cnn chinese military engineers are prepared to dynamite a potentially dangerous quake lake created when landslides dammed a river after this month s earthquake in which more than 65 , 000 people were killed , state run media reported monday ."
ap correspondent sandy kozel reports fannie mae and freddie mac are both putting a hold on foreclosures .
"dogs are considered unclean by conservative muslims , and any depiction of the prophet is strictly forbidden ."
"that follows a 4 percent plunge on friday , the first day of trading in 2008 in tokyo ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"earlier , there were two large explosions near the mosque and the attached religious school ."
the prediction came as financial scammer kim kyung joon had his detention period extended for 10 more days to december 5th .
"after wednesday s shootings , prime minister sergei stanishev promised to review legislation on homes for children deprived of parental care ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
her latest period of house arrest began in may 2003 .
former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto told cnn she suspects members of president gen . pervez musharraf s regime may have been indirectly involved in last week s suicide bombing that targeted her convoy .
"with today s technology , moran says , there is no excuse for having no knowledge of a company except laziness and or poor planning neither of which are attributes of potential employees sought by many organizations ."
"the national archives on wednesday released more than 11 , 000 pages of clinton s schedule when she was first lady ."
"with her shoulder length , bleached blond hair and long fingernails painted bright red , the compact 19 year old weight 51 kilograms , height 162 centimeters could have been taken for a date , a mistress , a party girl ."
"wiretaps on suspected members of the ring , authorized in january , yielded more than 5 , 000 telephone calls and text messages and another 6 , 000 plus e mails , according to court papers ."
the latest iaea report praised iran for making progress in responding to questions about past activities .
"carbon dating of the ostracon , along with pottery analysis , dates the inscription to time of king david , about a millennium earlier than the famous dead sea scrolls , the university said ."
"as lee , a former ceo of hyundai construction and engineering , admitted his wrongdoing , his party rival rep . park geun hye and anti gnp parties are assailing the leading presidential aspirant ."
"washington cnn russia has clamped down on human rights watch , refusing its executive director , kenneth roth , a visa to travel to moscow , following a 72 page report on russia s suppression of free speech ."
police and fire officials said three people had been confirmed hurt in the explosion .
"army officials explained that the soldiers were afraid they could not get back to school in time because the troop dispatch plan was delayed from april until this month and next , if the schedule is kept ."
flying with the flu ?
a poll published monday by the paris daily newspaper liberation showed 59 percent of those responding supported the government while only 35 percent backed the unions .
"the standard yellow cab vehicle , the ford crown victoria , gets 14 miles per gallon 6 kilometers per liter . in contrast , the ford escape taxis get 36 miles per gallon 15 kilometers per liter ."
britney still can t figure out who she is and she s doing things to draw attention to herself in perhaps the wrong ways .
"in the first two rounds of voting , he failed to get support from two thirds of the parliament , which was required to be elected for the post ."
"stephen hawking , condemned the u . s . led invasion of iraq ."
"last week , general motors announced it was idling 30 of its north american manufacturing capacity during the first quarter of 2009 in response to deteriorating market conditions ."
this is the money of the palestinian people and everyone has the right to this money .
the others aimed at making mortgages cheaper by buying up to 600 billion in mortgage backed assets .
"at her request , and in consultation with her family , she had stopped receiving nutrients through a feeding tube for the last few days , ross said ."
flying with the flu ?
she said township justice court judge ann zimmerman was reviewing paperwork in simpson s arrest and will determine whether there is probable cause to detain him past wednesday .
"voters were picking members of the scottish parliament and the welsh national assembly , while more than 10 , 000 seats on 312 local government councils across england are also up for grabs ."
"the san francisco chronicle reported the former president got red faced when the subject of richardson came up and said , five times to my face richardson said that he would never do that ."
all americans can be proud
"in fact , when discussing the future of the airport it is now appropriate to consider both conventional air travel hubs we are familiar with , as well as the imminent spaceports ."
"all could find a reason to interfere in iraq , he said , including opposition to the u . s . troop presence , and sectarian and political differences ."
"president roh moo hyun on monday called for a more sincere attitude from north korea in the upcoming negotiations , saying the united states will surely give a security guarantee if it abandons its nuclear ambitions ."
"we have corridors of shame across the nation , he said ."
david paterson proposes a 4 ipod tax in his first state budget .
months later he followed .
"however , ma did announce that he would step down as chairman of the nationalist party in line with a promise he has made repeatedly over the past several weeks ."
"children were given free entry to the zoo to help celebrate knut s birthday , and proceeds from sales of slices of the cake will go toward the zoo s foundation , officials said ."
"on monday , chirac said of iran and its nuclear program i would say that what is dangerous about this situation is not the fact of having a nuclear bomb ."
waking up in the morning and looking out the window to see those animals walk through the streets .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the military said the attack was part of operation arrowhead ripper , the anti insurgent offensive going on in and around baquba , diyala s provincial capital ."
"authorities also received reports sunday from people who said they saw laurean at a bus station in shreveport , louisiana ."
"the talks reached a deadlock earlier this month , but delegates agreed to reconvene after a short recess in an attempt to find a solution ."
it s estimated that tenth of israeli s population is now within rocket range .
"the german company it werke , specializing in biometric applications , has successfully implemented its digiproof system of payment by fingerprint in 120 edeka stores in germany ."
"but the record changes all that and with powell , who is recovering from a chest injury , and gay he will be among the favorites for the 100 meters at the beijing olympics ."
"the challenge of peaceful coexistence in the face of ethnic , religious , cultural and political differences ."
seoul city said yesterday it will levy 17 . 1 billion won 18 . 59 million in back taxes on an affiliate of general electric korea for its purchase of six office buildings in seoul since 2004 .
foreign minister ban ki moon returned from new york yesterday morning after being formally designated the next secretary general of the united nations .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"transport minister hatta radjasa admitted late on tuesday that the reports of a crash site , bodies and survivors were based on incorrect rumors from local villagers ."
kenyan president mwai kibaki tapped opposition leader raila odinga as prime minister sunday as part of a long awaited power sharing deal aimed at settling an dispute over december s elections that led to widespread violence .
"toyota motor corp . rose 8 . 1 percent , canon inc . jumped 11 . 7 percent and sony corp . advanced 6 . 3 percent ."
the north called off a similar meeting last week .
korea to double african aid by . . .
bannu police chief ameer haamza mahsud said the casualty figures were high because scores of people were milling about at a nearby bus stand .
"a hospital in a town near the epicenter was also reported damaged , and some wings have had to be evacuated , he said ."
"the hotel is off airport boulevard near interstate 40 , across the highway from raleigh durham international airport ."
but they were conspicuously quiet on the imf s remark that a weaker yen could be desirable .
multinational drug manufacturers are opposing the korean government s plan to allow only cost effective drugs to be covered by national health insurance .
"even before all of the leaders had arrived , the us had flatly refused to sign up to a binding deal on slashing greenhouse gases , a key summit goal ."
"scientists said they are not concerned about a rise in sea level from the latest event in antarctica , but say it s a sign of worsening global warming ."
he was testifying before jurors who are deciding whether he should be executed for his role in the 9 11 attacks .
kidman described hunkering down in the car s back seat leaning over in her chair in the witness stand to demonstrate to try to avoid being spotted by photographer jamie fawcett .
a buildup of water opened a crack in an ice wall along one side of the lake .
"blair said the group s sudden release vindicated the uk s dual track strategy of pursuing bilateral dialogue while mobilizing international pressure , adding that their return had been secured without any"
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"adams says st . augustine is also to blame for why it gets no respect compared to jamestown and plymouth , massachusetts , where the pilgrims settled in 1620 ."
"it would pay 10 million to hindu , vegetarian and other groups more than a year after a seattle lawyer sued the fast food chain , alleging it failed to disclose the use of beef flavoring in its french fries ."
sochi defeated the south korean city of pyeongchang 51 47 in the final round of voting by the international olympic committee .
"some of the world s biggest greenhouse gas emitters like the u . s . and australia and top oil exporters such as saudi arabia will try to water down language in a draft report , obtained by the associated press earlier this month , that suggests reducing emissions could cost less than 3 percent of annual global economic activity , environmental activists said ."
"however , my leadership has been questioned so intensely that i cannot begin the essential process of reflection that the party needs , he said ."
"several manholes are visible , and portions of the original plastering remain , he said ."
"stems from a bitter dispute between the government of president cristina fernandez de kirchner and farmers , who oppose a tax increase she levied in march on the export of grains ."
who s married to coldplay singer chris martin
the bulldog isn t the only breed that will benefit from revised standards .
the hostages are aid workers for a christian group .
"the other two suspects one of them named karamullah are still at large , he said ."
the existing body has been heavily criticized for having countries with poor human rights records as members .
"the farc released clara rojas and consuelo gonzalez on friday after holding them for six and 6 years , respectively ."
aliens out of control or simple mechanical failure ?
"if approved , a deal would be a significant step forward in a process stalled since september 2005 ."
"references to risky behaviors included both words and photos , the authors said ."
the babies are expected to stay in the hospital for the next 3 to 4 weeks .
"the bad boss tales i ve heard include many stories of managers demanding the undoable , responding to objections by simply reiterating that it had to be done ."
"the korea herald reports data from nine card issuers showed that koreans purchased goods and services valued at 155 . 7 trillion won with plastic during the first half , compared to 254 . 7 trillion won a year earlier ."
duncan campbell is the economist who supervised the world employment report .
"desperate to rescue his negative image in the field of diplomacy and foreign relations in the last year of his tenure , us president george w bush has said he is prepared to exert pressure so that middle eastern peace talks can succeed ."
japan s coastal whalers also suffer from a global pr problem .
"i am confident that this team is what we need to make a new beginning for american national security , obama said ."
i don t think parliament will accept having people like him or others currently in the parliament .
yawer said turkish helicopters were seen in the area during the strike but said that the choppers were not involved in the attack .
"loving contact before a tough day at work could carry over and protect you throughout the day , says psychologist karen grewen with the school of medicine at the university of north carolina chapel hill ."
tough sledding is not expected as hillary clinton begins her confirmation hearing for secretary of state .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"survival calls for short term thinking , but environmental protection is the domain of long term visionaries ."
a police official told cnn the warrant was for the alleged torture of a child .
"bush has now tied richard nixon s worst rating ever , taken in a poll just before he resigned in 1975 , and is only 2 points higher than the worst presidential approval rating in history , harry truman s 22 percent mark in february 1952 , says cnn polling director keating holland ."
crocker testified by video link from baghdad .
gerry and i want to appeal again to the person or people who took her or know who took her to do the right thing .
"none of them is approved for use in farmed seafood in the united states and some of them have been shown to cause cancer when fed to laboratory animals for prolonged periods of time , acheson said ."
"king tut and 2 , 000 years in ancient egypt"
"yes , we ve been secretly working to produce nukes , a top aide to dear leader kim jong il told astonished u . s . envoy james kelly ."
"researchers in china , meanwhile , are working with rabbits as surrogates for cloned pandas , which are about the size of a stick of butter when they re born ."
hanso devi moved to new delhi from rajasthan with just one hope
recessions hit the united states and japan .
"michael tylo jr . was dead when police arrived following a call from an unidentified person , henderson police spokesman todd rasmussen said ."
thailand s tourism industry set to suffer
"ayurveda declined with the growth of modern medicine during the british rule but it is thriving again , particularly in kerala and tamil nadu in the south where home medicine chests contain ayurvedic pain balms and digestives alongside modern medications ."
"lai lai s gay nights are only on fridays , saturdays and sundays ."
"palin said she and mccain , the republican presidential nominee , discussed the possibility of her working on the issue of energy independence if she becomes vice president ."
"the move marks a return to european football for beckham , who previously played for manchester united in england and real madrid in spain ."
"clad in what appeared to be an explosive vest , kidnapped bbc correspondent alan johnston warned sunday that his captors would turn their hideout into a death zone if any rescue attempt is made ."
it is also said to be capable of carrying up to a 300 kiloton nuclear warhead .
"several steps later , the scientists were able to clone the mice ."
officials evacuated nearly a half million people from paloma s path before it came to shore last night .
"everyone who carries weapons , who shoots and attacks is responsible . everyone must stop it ."
"his compatriot roche had coached world number one federer on a part time basis from 2005 , but the pair parted just two weeks before this year s french open ."
"elliot schrage , google s vice president of global communications and public affairs , joined museum director sara j . bloomfield to make the official announcement about the new feature ."
"but some villagers complain that the payments are inadequate , and in a few cases accuse local officials of embezzling money meant for them ."
"iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki is personally overseeing efforts to restore order in basra , said ali hadi , an official in the prime minister s office ."
"turkey , which is a major cargo hub for u . s . and allied military forces in iraq and afghanistan , has recalled its ambassador to washington for consultations and warned that there might be a cut in the logistical support to the u . s . over the issue ."
police said they received information last month about a possible al qaeda attack .
"hurricane luis , the most powerful storm of the season in the atlantic , is roaring through the caribbean this morning toward the virgin islands and puerto rico , with sustained winds of 225 kilometers an hour ."
"i ve had asthma for a few months now and i felt very bad in new york at the end of the u . s . open , so beijing , i was really concerned about that , henin said monday at the sony ericsson championships ."
the phillies wrapped up the nl championship in los angeles a week ago .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"in addition to the transport sector , power , gas , and some postal workers were also on strike ."
security officials told cnn turk that a car bomb was detonated by remote control during a military convoy s passage through a busy section of the city center .
his comments were relayed by airbus spokesman stefan schaffrath .
"the money collected over 10 years would provide tax breaks for wind , solar and other alternative energy sources and for energy conservation ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"at the other end , real s iker casillas once again proved his credentials as one of the best goal keepers in europe when he produced two wonderful reaction saves in rapid succession to thwart ronaldinho and"
"the study , released tuesday , was ordered by mayor michael bloomberg to assess the city s progress in reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent by 2030 ."
"the nationalities of the 50 sent back sunday were not released , but the israeli newspaper haaretz , citing figures from the israeli military , said nearly all of them had escaped the genocide in darfur ."
"pakistani president pervez musharraf will meet with one of his prominent critics , afghan president hamid karzai , this week to discuss efforts to battle militants who have established a haven in pakistan ."
"quoting a police report , spanish reporters said a british school and two jewish centers were also targets ."
a diplomatic gaffe marred saturday s inauguration of a china financed stadium on this caribbean island when a band performed taiwan s national anthem .
iraq s interim government voiced that an election will go ahead .
"hong kong , china ap police armed with riot shields and batons were called in to subdue angry tourists from mainland china who clashed with tour guides in the tiny gambling enclave of macau , police said wednesday ."
"she has approved a script for addicted , an adaptation of her biggest selling novel , about a woman who seeks counseling for sex addiction ."
"but in a wide ranging speech at the national press club in washington , he ridiculed campaign consultants and spin doctors who he said are extending the 2008 campaign ."
experts from washington and pyongyang met in beijing on tuesday and wednesday to discuss the financial restrictions the united states imposed over the north s alleged counterfeiting of u . s . currency and money laundering .
"tehran heralded the initial shipment as a victory , saying it proved its nuclear program was peaceful , not a cover for weapons development as claimed by the u . s . and some of its allies ."
"kim jong hoon , the chief korean negotiator in the korea u . s . free trade negotiations , sounded unsure about whether the negotiations would ultimately be successful ."
"and it s difficult for him , i think ."
we need a bit of confidence and a bit of clarity to come back into the financial sector now .
"five to 10 inches 13 to 25 cm of rain are expected , with maximum isolated amounts of up to 15 inches 38 cm , over portions of east central mexico , forecasters said ."
vice presidential debate moderator gwen ifill is talking about thursday night s event between joe biden and sarah palin .
"it also has green roofs , filters to protect residents from pollution and large ponds to harvest recycled rainwater ."
"this hour , eric holder is on track to become the first african american attorney general ."
"discussions are at a very early stage but the production would be an observational documentary , jim gallagher , a spokesman for the talent and entertainment agency img , told cnn ."
"the other participants are south korea , japan and russia ."
passengers must submit the same information that is currently required in the i 94 immigration form .
"the korea times reports lee said in economic policies , president roh is more conservative than u . s . democratic presidential contender john kerry but more progressive than president george bush ."
but help may be on the way in the form of a new drug that has proved successful in resetting the body s natural sleep rhythms .
dna tests confirm the bones found in orlando are those of 3 year old caylee anthony .
the companies are expected to pay 200 billion won or about 213 million in fines .
"engineer mark kelsey , 40 12 years"
"oil prices rose above 135 a barrel for the first time thursday , with supply worries , global demand and an ever weakening u . s dollar driving crude futures up ."
8212 half the size
so i m assuming they guessed at our blood quantum .
she is the first muslim woman to win the coveted award .
"at the beginning of the year , clinton led the superdelegate race by more than 100 ."
he had seen one of his u . s . colleagues close to bush bend down and pick up the watch .
this source noted that gates could stay for longer than a year if he and obama end up working well together .
she is 82 years old .
"the market sidecar mechanism was even activated to halt trading , for the first time this year ."
"fatah al islam , a group accused of links to al qaeda and syria , has threatened to widen its campaign if troops do not stop the shelling ."
circuit city is closing 20 of its stores by the end of the year .
"the rhetoric continued during the weekend . house speaker dennis hastert , speaking at a saturday night fund raiser in dekalb , ill . , said his opinion is that the al qaida terror network could operate better with kerry in the white house instead of bush ."
"i think phil did a great job , countered chuck freedman , an it specialist from suburban detroit , michigan ."
"according to officials in seoul and irbil , 52 year old painter chong myong nam was working with a couple of fellow workers within the south korean military base when the lid of a container , connected to a compressor , struck him on the head ."
cholesterol drugs could help those with healthy levels
wednesday s highest death toll came when israel launched air strikes near the bureij camp .
"he shot 57 year old as teacher david kachadourian in the back in addition to shooting a 42 year old teacher , officials said ."
"of the u . s . deaths , 3 , 047 came in hostile circumstances and 655 in non combat situations ."
"parker , who averaged 24 . 5 points on 57 percent shooting , became the first european born player to be honored as mvp ."
"three of his employees and 29 clients are also being investigated , they said ."
"it would have been a more powerful letter had they signed , of course , but it s nonetheless a very significant demonstration of the depth of feeling in the australian parliament on this issue , allison later told australian broadcasting corp . radio ."
"however , india has tempered its support for the tibetan cause in recent years as it seeks to improve relations with china ."
"in iraq , the us military said five us soldiers had died in a roadside bombing in the western town of ramadi ."
gambari had told the security council there had been positive outcomes from his latest trip to burma his second since troops violently suppressed anti government protests in september .
"it was a difficult decision , said tove paule , president of the norwegian olympic and paralympic committee and confederation of sports ."
"the missiles were supposed to have been taken to barksdale air force base , but the warheads should have been removed beforehand ."
"some in the united states want to put pressure on north korea , kim said , but when north korea does not keep its promise even when provided with a fair deal , then the members of the six party talks can come up with stern measures against pyongyang ."
other countries also took fresh action sunday to support their economies .
5 . what are the options for growth within the organization ?
"ex seoul mayor lee , is well known for his blunt word choices , while chung , the presidential nominee of the liberal united new democratic party undp and a former mbc anchor of the nightly news , is widely known for his political rhetoric ."
"educational , scientific and cultural organization said its team would study the conditions of museums and historical sites , identify ways of restoring them and find potential donors ."
spokesman cheon ho sun warned that the seoul government would not sit by and watch the lives of its citizens being taken .
another 60 robots work in surveillance .
wall street and shareholders criticized yang for falling short of reaching an agreement to sell the company to microsoft .
"yet job seekers have committed these interview gaffes and worse , according to careerbuilder . com s annual survey of the worst interview mistakes ."
wmap is the result of a partnership between the nasa goddard space flight center and princeton university .
it was the second major attack on the town is as many days .
the dow has been up more than 100 points in the first half hour .
the club hopes revisions to the bulldog standards will make the dogs healthier without drastically changing their classic look .
de niro lampoons hollywood in new comedy
a new sign gates is staying on in defense ?
"this season , he teased , we ve got some girls who just totally flip out . we ve never had so many tears ."
"hundreds of flights into the new york city area s three main airports kennedy , newark liberty and laguardia were delayed as long as two hours sunday because of wind and ice ."
"the plane landed safely in the canary islands and no one was hurt , the official said ."
kim claimed lee had used phony residential addresses for property speculation .
a cheap and stable connection is expected to be probable in the not so distant future in developed countries but the form factor remains a big challenge .
the transfers had been disguised as trade transactions it was not clear from the report if the money had been raised in korea or had been routed through this country in an attempt to disguise its origins .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
firefighters are bracing for another day of hot temperatures and gusty winds .
"from auschwitz to chicago , detailed holocaust letters survive"
"united midfielder park ji sung , who spent three years playing in japan , has told his team mates not to underestimate the gamba team claiming that asian football is on the rise ."
after the interview
"vienna , austria kurt waldheim , whose legacy as u . n . secretary general was overshadowed by revelations that he belonged to a german army unit that committed atrocities in the balkans in world war ii , died thursday ."
"gates , the microsoft founder and perennial no . 1 , had a net worth estimated to be at least 58 billion , the magazine said ."
"it was early in the episode that christopher michael imperioli and tony james gandolfini were returning from manhattan , where they had a contentious meeting with new york boss phil leotardo ."
"several senior bosnian serb army officers have been sentenced by the u . n . war crimes tribunal in the hague for the srebrenica massacre , and others are being tried in bosnia ."
"some children are kidnapped from their schools or their beds , some are recruited after seeing their parents slaughtered , some may even choose to join the militias as their best hope for survival in war torn countries from colombia , and across africa and the middle east , to south asia ."
the diamond has a royal lineage . christie s traces it thus
"hit by a series of recent corruption scandals , the gnp also lost five of six races for local chiefs , including yangcheon in seoul and bonghwa in north gyeongsang province ."
we re not aware of anything .
"gen . david richards , who was replaced sunday as nato s commander , told ap on saturday that very surgical and deliberate force would be used to evict the fighters from musa qala , where he said the alliance s strategy of avoiding military action has driven a wedge between residents and taliban insurgents ."
"our hope and expectation is , as the president said , the bankruptcy would be quick and not result in liquidation , and chrysler will come out the other end a company ready , leaner , and able to compete ."
"four centers had to be closed in june , sending 4 , 000 children back to the streets without their three hour reprieve ."
"he told the story of a professor devastated by the deaths of several of his students at norris hall , where cho killed 30 students and faculty members before turning the gun on himself ."
"giuliani played down the harsh words , suggesting that the times has a liberal editorial staff that often disapproved of him ."
"earlier , he met some of the country s military leaders in the new so called capital naypyidaw , and has now returned there for further talks ."
cnn the state funeral for explorer sir edmund hillary who conquered mount everest is taking place in new zealand .
"video footage from the scene showed the street jammed with emergency vehicles , and injured victims writhing in the middle of the road ."
"michelle obama turned the campaign trail into a runway this year , sporting eye catching colors and feminine cuts that sent fashion bloggers buzzing ."
he s throwing his support behind merit pay for the best teachers
"other estimates put the fish s maximum age at 157 years , spencer said ."
"the worst stuff is not going to happen because we can t be that stupid , said harvard university oceanographer james mccarthy , who was a top author of the 2001 version of this report ."
"we have seen a good game , both sides created their chances and it could have gone either way , said bayern coach ottmar hitzfeld ."
draft likely to be reduced
"defense secretary donald rumsfeld reportedly became enraged and ordered the immediate pull out of usfk from the peninsula , saying"
"yokosuka , japan cnn the oldest active ship in the u . s . navy , the aircraft carrier uss kitty hawk , made its final departure from japan on wednesday to be decommissioned after nearly half a century of service ."
"when it opens this fall , it will be the first section of the appalachian trail in northern new england to be designed as wheelchair accessible ."
"south african investments in china amount to 400 million , including investments by anglo american and sab miller ."
"in a statement , fila president raphael martinetti said the swedes showed a serious lack of olympic spirit ."
pope benedict will make a pilgrimage to the holy land in may .
"when no one wanted to drive home , he volunteered ."
"with nearly a million residents , honolulu has still managed to keep the delicate balance between the city and its natural environment , offering visitors the best of both worlds ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"jakarta , indonesia cnn a powerful earthquake shook buildings and caused panic on the densely populated indonesian island of java , but there have been no reports of injuries and no tsunami alert ."
u . s . envoys have urged iraq to crack down on the rebels and held weekend talks in ankara to persuade nato ally turkey to stay its hand .
"washington cnn perhaps it was one of those eureka moments , when the scientists realized they had discovered a new dinosaur with mouth parts designed to vacuum up food ."
they will return home after south korea sends the new dispatch .
"the government reports consumer prices flatlined in april , and industrial production dipped by the smallest amount in 6 months ."
afghan president hamid karzai has previously ruled out any deal with the taliban after coming under harsh criticism for freeing five rebel prisoners in exchange for the release of an italian hostage in march .
the former hairdresser who married 54 year old renne senna after he hit the jackpot was greeted by jeers as she arrived tuesday at the lockup .
"but their efforts to ease social and political restrictions were stymied by hard liners who control the judiciary , security forces and powerful unelected bodies in the government ."
"in the future , bluetooth and 802 . 11 wireless lans will have evolved into something that is secure ."
"so to come through convincingly in two sets , not being broken and both times racing away with the lead after an early break , that was perfect ."
south korea s food authorities will send a fact finding mission to a chinese factory that produces a popular snack food found to contain a suspected rat s head .
opposition leaders believe musharraf issued the emergency order to avoid an impending ruling that would have nullified his election victory by disqualifying him for another presidential term .
"elvis presley enterprises , which manages graceland , the king s estate and mansion in memphis , tennessee , previously has said it has no comment on the museum , a transformed coin operated laundry 55 miles west of st . louis ."
muslim groups say the pageant promotes sexual promiscuity and indecency .
"we will not spare one single dollar in fighting the fires , he said . we will take it from somewhere else if we have to ."
"if i were running al qaeda in iraq , i would put a circle around march 2008 and be praying as many times as possible for a victory , not only for obama but also for the democrats . watch obama call for a new generation of leadership"
i have found that i prefer one that has a bag in it .
"sen . barack obama , the newly minted presumed democratic presidential nominee , said wednesday that it was very humbling to be the the first african american to lead a major party s ticket and expressed confidence the party would unify behind him ."
a contrasting aftermath of nature s force can be seen in the image of the charred peaks of the chino hills in southern california which show the extent of damage caused by the recent fires .
"we say to you , now that you are in control of gaza , you should remember two things one is that being in power is not a goal in itself , but the goal is , rather , to implement the rule of allah , al zawahiri said in that audiotape , according to a cnn translation ."
"these are very difficult moments , but i have done all that i could to be ready for the final , nadal said . it was a huge objective , and i m used to playing with pain , but this is a distinct , new pain that i couldn t control ."
"police fired tear gas and shots into the air friday , but failed to disperse several thousand villagers who broke into and ransacked the mayor s office in the southwestern , floodwater ringed southwestern city of turbat ."
"in cities such as hanoi , beijing and shanghai , the story is much the same ."
"the head of the town council in hopsten , johannes kramer , said the bus was carrying a group of local farmers on an annual tour , and that they were headed for the region around the eastern city of dresden ."
congress in 1995 has also hurt farmers .
"the 14 year old mir space station will be ditched in february in a controlled descent that will send it hurtling into a remote area of the pacific ocean , officials said today ."
"after losing the first four games in a row and eventually the set , wozniacki went ahead 2 0 in the second set and then 4 2 , taking advantage of williams two double faults in the sixth game ."
"kennedy space center , florida cnn the space shuttle endeavour came home a day early on tuesday after nasa decided to cut short its mission in case hurricane dean shut down johnson space center , which directs the shuttle s re entry and landing ."
the baby boy survived with facial injuries .
"its impact on the understanding of gene function and its benefits to mankind will continue to increase over many years to come , the award citation said ."
united airlines canceled about 50 flights in denver and some in chicago to catch up from delays caused by an earlier midwest storm .
"13 , 1903 , when the ss gaelic pulled into honolulu harbor , delivering 86 men , women and children to the u . s . territory ."
"the father is casey aldridge , a pipe layer from liberty , mississippi ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
microsoft shares dropped slightly to 29 . 91 after closing at 29 . 99 on nasdaq .
"superdelegates , a group of almost 800 democratic party officials and leaders , are not required to make their votes public and are free to change their minds ."
"of course , vacationing with young children isn t always a vacation for parents ."
he said the group s commitment is a good incentive for others who have militias to announce their support to the baghdad security plan .
"the latest diplomatic efforts to dissuade the north from a test came yesterday , when shinzo abe , japan s new prime minister , met president hu jintao of china ."
"the federal reserve cut short term interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point , its seventh cut this year as part of a continuing effort to keep the u . s . economy from slipping into a recession , and left the door open for further cuts ."
drizzle had delayed the start of the match for nearly two hours and there was rain in the air for much of a one sided contest against a player making his wimbledon debut .
"north korea . . . faces a dire food shortage , u . n . world food program spokesman paul risley said at a bangkok , thailand , news conference . because of high global food prices it will be very difficult for the government of dprk to purchase food on global markets to make up the difference ."
it puts gas at a national average 1 . 72 a gallon this morning .
"this is definite and provable . but the decision on the case rests with the judge , ejehi said , according to fars ."
"reigning world cup downhill champion didier cuche of switzerland finished third , bouncing back after a disappointing 32nd place in saturday s downhill ."
"musharraf struck back in an interview in the new york times tuesday , saying bhutto had no right to ask him to step down ."
"according to the filing , which was first reported by the miami herald on its web site tuesday night , shaquille o neal is asking shaunie o neal to provide a correct accounting of all money , funds , stocks , bonds , and other securities that she had access to or obtained during the marriage ."
"four palestinians were killed in the israeli airstrike , according to palestinian medical sources ."
the problem is that a hail storm that damaged the fuel tank of the space shuttle atlantis has knocked nasa s flight schedule for the year out of whack .
living in a cage in hong kong
"the seven member jury , which deliberated for less than two hours , recommended no criminal charges in the september 2006 death of 20 year old daniel smith ."
"ukraine is in obvious breach of obligations as a transit country , gazprom s deputy chief executive , alexander medvedev , said ."
"if iran continues on its current course , cheney said the u . s . and other nations are prepared to impose serious consequences ."
the term of current bank of japan gov . toshihiko fukui ends march 19 .
"korean aid organizations will leave afghanistan within a month as part of their efforts to free 21 hostages held by taliban militants , according to a report ."
"groundhog day in its unfunny , nuclear tinged korean format marks a milestone on sunday , july 27 the 50th anniversary of the armistice that ended the 1950 53 korean war ."
"other well wishers write about how graham s ministry healed their marriages , reconciled families and led them to lives of service ."
"barclays shares were up 0 . 8 percent at 726 pence by 1105 gmt , when rbs shares were down 1 . 7 percent at 632p ."
"in addition to paying a reported 80 million for the sponsorship position , the company has coordinated a marketing blitz that includes opening an average of two stores a day in the country ."
world markets traded lower wednesday as barack obama s historic u . s . election victory gave way to renewed worries about the struggling economy .
"so ends a medical report detailing josef stalin s last four days , as he lay dying in his moscow dacha ."
"actually , coal is bitter and unsmooth but you can chew up pieces the size of a finger ."
she tells whda that the state trooper who pulled them over took his time .
"the average new car price is now almost 25 , 000 ."
counsel is trying to trash my client in some kind of emotional appeal .
they were very engaged during the arguments
"authorities believe the driver , tonya bell of oxon hill , maryland , was going about 70 mph when she tore through unifest , a church sponsored street festival in southeast washington ."
"if we leave , iraq s neighbors on all sides will face a refugee crisis and be drawn into the war ."
"the company is taking all necessary measures to guarantee the continuation of the normal gas output , the company said ."
"the total net worth of the group is 4 . 4 trillion , up 900 billion from 2007 ."
"vital to farmers whose crops feed hundreds of millions of people , the monsoon season runs from june to september as the rains work their way across the subcontinent ."
"united nations cnn on the tenth anniversary of khmer rouge leader pol pot s death , u . n . secretary general ban ki moon appealed tuesday for the senior leaders of the regime to be brought to justice ."
"china is pressing former south korean president kim young sam to cancel a planned visit to taiwan , but kim s aides say he will go ."
"for a 13th consecutive month but it was the smallest decline in a year , thus strengthening hopes for a turnaround south korea has been one of the few bright spots because of its resilient domestic consumption ."
"kim hun tae , president of the seoul based campaign research center , predicted that it will be a close race because park is surging ahead at a fast pace as a series of revelations have lost the former seoul mayor ground ."
let me state the obvious again
"the sentence was later reduced to 30 years , and further shortened for good behavior ."
"authorities said the rains , which began a week ago , were the worst in a quarter century ."
"the move follows battles in karbala and other cities between the mehdi army and badr organization , the armed wing of the supreme islamic council of iraq hostilities that left more than 50 people dead and scores injured ."
slippery roads were blamed for two traffic deaths in michigan and one in wisconsin .
the national human rights commission nhrc requested thursday the ministry of national defense and the prosecution to investigate alleged abuses of human rights in the marine corps and recommended the ministry compensate a victim .
it was like entering a seamless cinematic reality .
"in a stunning and historical night for the gop and president bush , republicans seized control of the senate , held onto their majority in the house and savored wins in two hot gubernatorial races ."
"robin and garces williams also have two children together , zelda and cody ."
"police fired shots into the air and used dogs to try to disperse the marchers , as they veered off the route ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"we have told the iranian and the americans , we know that you have a problem with each other , but we are asking you please solve your problems outside iraq ."
hudson told the ap last month that she liked not being treated as a celebrity at home .
discarding leftover cut cantaloupe if left at room temperature for more than two hours .
"carrick then netted a spectacular second and after daniele de rossi pulled one back , patrice evra had the final word with their seventh goal nine minutes from time ."
"the korea trade and investment promotion agency , however , projected export growth of 11 percent year on year in the second half of the year , slowing from an estimated 14 . 4 percent rise in the first six months of the year ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
hyundai motor co . chairman chung mong koo s wait is almost over .
"this should be the golden year for kim dae jung , insist those who remain loyal ."
about 500 elderly people from all areas of the community on thursday threatened to push for another impeachment motion against president roh moo hyun unless he apologizes for his recent comment in support of scrapping the anti communist national security law .
"with tension mounting between korea and japan over another distorted history textbook , a government task force will take up the long running dispute here tomorrow ."
"this sentence will send a message that you do not engage in this type of behavior , said u . s . district judge amy st . eve . the court s sentence should adequately deter others from engaging in this conduct ."
soggy southern california is bracing for a second frigid storm system lurking out in the pacific .
"islamic jihad and fatah claimed responsibility for the attack , the sources said ."
"according to the report , the service learned in may 2005 that an iranian organization linked to hezbollah had been involved in wire transfers of cash amounting to about 60 billion won ."
"the defense acknowledged that their remains were found on pickton s farm outside vancouver , but denied he was responsible for their deaths ."
golf legend seve ballesteros has confirmed that he has a brain tumor .
"the time is now to move the ahtisaari plan , bush said , noting that he had dicussed the matter with bulgarian president georgi parvanov . america believes that kosovo ought to be independent ."
that is similar to a june 14 survey which showed lee with 38 . 5 percent and park with 25 . 5 percent .
"we have sent information to great britain before the terrorist attacks in britain , abdullah said . but unfortunately , no action was taken , and it may have been able to avert the tragedy ."
what s he got that you don t ?
rita with winds of 160km h lashed northern cuba and the low lying us island chain known as the florida keys on tuesday .
"on january 30 , rescuers successfully retrieved a six year old boy from a 40 foot well in the southern indian state of karnataka ."
"a club spokeswoman told associated press that she could not comment on the report , adding there would be no details regarding the injuries of any of the team s players until doctors submit their weekly update on saturday ."
i always knew someday you d come walking back through my door .
"whatever the outcome , chung s case has highlighted the issue of how south korean companies are managed ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"just like the positioning systems in cars , the collars collect information about the whereabouts of the zebras , as well as their velocities and turning angles ."
the military is pushing to introduce drastic reforms to its judicial system to secure the independence of judges and prosecutors and better protect the rights of the accused .
"let me just say this , we weren t discouraged by polls when they were not favorable for us , we re not seduced by polls now , said david axelrod , obama s senior strategist ."
said the search for a new ceo will encompass both internal and external candidates .
draft likely to be reduced
"first , there s tristran charlie cox , an intrepid young hero from the wrong side of the tracks or so he thinks , embarking on a romantic quest to bring back a fallen star as a token of his love for beautiful , aloof victoria sienna miller ."
"space adventures will also host the first private space flight to the international space station in 2011 , said spokeswoman stacey tearne ."
"the troops are targeting hundreds of hardened al qaeda and taliban in dug in positions , said officials familiar with the intelligence ."
they are also still in with a chance of winning the league and the king s cup .
"beams of light glimmer through a jungle overgrown with swaying palm trees , and the thick underbrush gets more detailed with a closer look ."
"but it defended its new position in support of abortion for women when their health is in danger or human rights are violated , especially in cases of rape or incest ."
"world series game 3 is tonight , phillies manager charlie manuel says his team will break out of its hitting slop ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
ask the mayors of texas with you today ?
"in a survey of major industrial sectors , the kcci said low priced chinese textile goods will continue to erode the market share of korean players in the coming months , while higher oil prices will also weigh down on their already slim margins ."
"the west s moves to isolate the new hamas led palestinian government prove it is at war with islam , a tape attributed to osama bin laden declares ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn british prime minister gordon brown arrived in baghdad on tuesday for meetings with iraqi government officials , the british embassy in baghdad said ."
he also suggested that the dispute could see an end .
living in a cage in hong kong
"mark serreze , senior research scientist at nsidc , termed the decline astounding ."
"providence , rhode island cnn voters in four states will go to the polls tuesday with a good chance at making the difference in deciding the democratic and republican presidential nominees ."
"but various provincial government representatives had suggested that the government hold elections after the muslim holy month of muharram , commission secretary general kanwar dilshad said at a press conference tuesday ."
"aqueous wastes , after treatment are normally discharged into the sewer for further treatment at sewage treatment works ."
the government had threatened to refuse to give the weekly herald a publishing permit if it continued to use the word .
nasa s budget request for 2008 is 17 . 3 billion .
gettelfinger said the union will suspend the jobs bank at gm .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"government officials announced saturday that the founder and leader of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia farc manuel marulanda , alias tirofijo sureshot died in the jungle of cardiac arrest in march ."
hopkin said the sale fell through after darwin walked away from the deal .
french fashion house christian dior dropped stone from its chinese ads after she made the comments in may during a cannes film festival red carpet interview .
near 116th opened in 2005 with good reviews for its healthy chinese food .
with one s mind firmly made
the australian newspaper reported the cabinet had given initial approval for up to 450 more troops .
they could destabilize the rock and soil that form a quake created dam holding back nearly 56 billion gallons 211 . 6 million cubic meters of water .
illegal trade in african elephant ivory is considered to be a major cause of the continuing decline of elephant populations in africa .
"the 37 year old actor is featured on the cover of people s annual issue , on newsstands friday ."
specialist barker is one of four us soldiers charged with murder .
"there will be no more dialogue , said deputy information minister tariq azim . it has to be an absolutely total surrender , unconditional total surrender ."
"at yesterday s regular presser , we already answered a similar question ."
registration for election in april is began .
"militants from fatah al islam began shooting at the forces , who returned fire , triggering clashes in the vicinity of the nahr al bared palestinian refugee camp ."
"hudson , 27 , won a best supporting actress oscar for her portrayal of effie in the 2006 film version of the broadway musical dreamgirls ."
it s not just that large dogs can be frightening
"one quarter of all registered voters say obama lacks patriotism , according to the poll ."
"so far this year , some 14 million people in india and 5 million in bangladesh have been displaced by flooding , according to government figures ."
"it provoked an outcry , particularly among many of iraq s sunni arabs , and sparked a horrific day of violence that left 80 people dead from bombings and other attacks ."
the other proposal would allow domains to use nearly any letter or number combination up to 64 characters .
singapore s straits times index was off four percent and the bse sensex in mumbai slipped five percent .
that album included the grammy winning single heartache tonight .
"he flew in from geneva , where he had met north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan over the weekend ."
"as he burrowed back into the music , haynes began reading biographies of dylan and was struck by the man s transformations ."
"thousands of flag waving supporters , including key figures in the newly elected government , gathered at bangkok s main airport to greet him ."
living in a cage in hong kong
hudson also has been nominated four times for grammys .
"royal , a socialist , wants the world s leading powers to be stricter with iran over its nuclear program ."
"honored by the united nations as one of its global 500 conservationists in 1987 , he was also awarded numerous honorary doctorates from universities in several parts of the world ."
"in hussein s hometown of tikrit , hundreds of people and school children visited his burial site to pay homage and lay flowers ."
"however , bishop antonio lanfranchi of cesena sarsina took said the couple s behavior was an outrage of notable proportions which bespeaks unutterable squalor ."
"a judge ordered 17 other suspects to be held , including aides to gen pinochet ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"we wish it could be more flexible in mrs . shank s case since her circumstances are clearly extraordinary , but this is done out of fairness to all associates who contribute to , and benefit from , the plan ."
"some 50 , 000 homes were already without electricity before the substation was threatened ."
"the new numbers in colorado , along with similar findings from other new polls in the state , are factors in cnn s move of colorado from a toss up state to an obama on cnn s new electoral college map ."
"pakistani opposition leader nawaz sharif , who was banned from taking part in last week s elections because of criminal convictions , is planning to contest the by elections . several hurdles stand in his way ."
home run king barry bonds has pleaded not guilty to charges that he lied to a grand jury investigating steroid use in sports .
furman is really into coupons
"my experience making this film made me very aware of the sadness and the dehumanization of people in times of war , and the repercussions of war ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
some of the creatures were not lurking in fertile floodplains or tropical foliage .
"the former england captain started in a milan midfield that also featured andrea pirlo , massimo ambrosini and ronaldinho before being substituted at half time ."
"nine children were injured wednesday at grace divine primary and secondary school in port au prince but there were no fatalities , said brigitte gaillis , head of operations in haiti for the international federation of the red cross and red crescent ."
flying with the flu ?
"nasdaq stock market has agreed to buy nordic bourse owner omx for 3 . 7 billion , the two companies announced on friday , as nasdaq sets its sights on expanding beyond the u . s . market and adds to a wave of stock market consolidation ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"they include abu musab al zarqawi , the leader of al qaeda in iraq who was killed in a u . s . airstrike june 7 , 2006 ."
the survey was published in foreign policy magazine and the center for a new american security .
"president george w . bush said his surge strategy of sending 30 , 000 additional troops was working ."
"and there are a host of old enemies with long memories , particularly when landsman decides to root around the dead chess player s case ."
"the un security council asked both sides to back off , but the ap s mark levy reports that just the opposite might be in the offing"
"in august 2004 , the two countries reached an agreement to stop historical disputes from growing into political conflicts , but did not agree to suspend the research itself , the official said at a background press briefing ."
computer chips now govern the overall performance of automobiles .
its students have kidnapped police officers and people they accuse of involvement in immoral acts such as prostitution .
"the report said chinese experts have projected that in the latter half of this century production of wheat , corn and rice in china will drop by as much as 37 percent , and that the country s average temperatures would rise by 2 or 3 degrees celsius in the next 50 to 80 years ."
"the region , including parts of vietnam and five other countries , is home to 1 , 068 species found between 1997 and 2007 , according to a world wildlife fund report released this week ."
it also meant china was poorer than estimated .
"if the talks succeed , north korea could produce a declaration of its nuclear history by the end of the month as part of a deal the united states has been working on with pyongyang , senior officials told cnn last week ."
"we changed a number of things in the configuration of the spacecraft , he said during a teleconference with reporters . so , this is not entirely unexpected . we expect that we will work through it , and be back up and doing science ."
the dam will be a wall of concrete 190 meters tall and more than two kilometers long .
you had to let it go .
"we are trying to target hamas , which hides amongst civilians ."
"abramovich owns pelorus , a 115 meter vessel which has its own heli pad , while he reportedly gave away ! le grand bleu currently the world s 16th biggest super yacht to present owner eugene shvidler ."
lleyton hewitt has hired roger federer s former coach tony roche to try to help him get back to the top of world tennis .
the vessel was believed to be carrying more than 20 migrants .
"almost all cases have originated from sick poultry , but experts fear it will mutate into a strain that can pass more easily from human to human ."
inflation in communist china hit an 11 year high in january after rising price pressures were exaggerated by fierce snow storms .
"haglund , a cheery , classic blond , wore a revealing silver sequined dress and black bikini during the evening gown and swimsuit portions of the pageant ."
"hunters with a taste for bush meat and the loss of habitat have pushed the tonkin snub nosed monkey toward extinction , according to the international union for the conservation of nature ."
"we judge with moderate confidence that the earliest possible date iran would be technically capable of producing enough highly enriched uranium for a weapon is late 2009 , but that this is very unlikely , the report says ."
"on saturday , a bomb explosion on a bus in a tourist town north of colombo on saturday killed 20 people and sent at least 68 others to the hospital , authorities said ."
bradford and tebow could settle the dispute on the field the sooners and gators play for the national championship on january 8 .
the new cnn orc poll also indicates that americans think obama would do a better job dealing with the tough economic times .
"wen flew out of beijing en route to hunan province on monday night , but had to detour to neighboring hubei province because of the bad weather ."
the couple reached a divorce settlement in march .
and w is unlikely to change that .
"police said the girl does have serious wounds , including an entry wound on the right side of her face , and an exit wound on the left side , indicating the bullet likely pierced straight through her face ."
"now he has a salaried staff , five games in development and two coming out by christmas , including a spinoff to trism called trismology ."
"despite her increased fundraising , obama is still outspending her in the crucial march 4 primary states of ohio and texas ."
i believe that i am the right age to realize this dream . i like pressure and i cannot wait to start this new adventure .
exiled tibetan independence campaigners say at least 80 people died while chinese authorities put the figure lower .
kitt said in a 1996 ap interview catwoman was one of her favorite roles .
"hardest hit were men living in appalachia , the ohio mississippi river valley , the mississippi delta and the eastern piedmont and coastal regions of georgia , south carolina and north carolina ."
"del rio says he ll pay 30 , 000 about 47 , 000 to clone the stud , including the company s fees , plus transportation and other costs ."
"the overnight bank to bank lending rate slid , according to data obtained from bloomberg . com ."
the white house has called the report politically motivated .
"in january , president elect barack obama and his family will make history , becoming the first african american first family to move into the white house"
but karzai s spokesman said the government has information of a serious debate in some groups of taliban about how long militants want to continue fighting .
the nevado del huila volcano erupted at 11 08 p . m . monday 12
"when he s not fending off rumors about well heeled customers buying his art , wapenaar continues to expand his portfolio , exploring different types of tent sculptures including the birthingtent and the showertent ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the next highest death toll was in 2004 , when 849 were killed ."
"currie said she received the letter from fitzgerald on friday , and although her panel will meet on monday and might hear from blagojevich s attorney , there will be no subpoenas of obama advisers , including emanuel , obama adviser valerie jarrett , democratic u . s . rep ."
"this one is the first one that is at the same time probably rocky , with water , and in a zone close to the star where the water could exist in liquid form , said stephane udry of the geneva observatory in switzerland , who led the study ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"rangers and scientists have made contact for the first time in more than a year with critically endangered gorillas threatened by a war in the democratic republic of congo , a national park announced tuesday ."
"these defendants purposely undertook a course of action which could well have endangered many citizens , as well as the life of the animal in question , said u . s . attorney james mcdevitt ."
chicago public schools ceo arne duncan announced his recommendation wednesday .
"the announcement by taiwan s president chen shui bian , that he will give up some of his powers , is an attempt to try to quell mounting pressure on him to take responsibility for a series of corruption scandals surrounding his administration and family ."
"korean born golfers rounded out the top five , marking the first time that players from a country other than the united states took the top five spots in an lpga tournament ."
but he said the 2008 run for the oval office was not his battle .
a mass hunger strike began at guantanamo in august 2005 and reached a peak of 131 detainees .
"communist china has said it will send delegations to the us to discuss safety concerns , after a spate of recalls of food and other products ."
"when fdr first took the oath of office in 1933 , the country was reeling under the crushing weight of the great depression ."
"kansas city , missouri cnn president bush drew parallels between the aftermath of the vietnam war and the potential costs of pulling out of iraq in a speech wednesday ."
"clinton was also projected to win her home state of new york , new jersey and massachusetts , and the larger share of the 329 delegates at stake in those states ."
the former hairdresser who married 54 year old renne senna after he hit the jackpot was greeted by jeers as she arrived tuesday at the lockup .
"ronaldo was widely quoted during a turbulent summer that he was keen to play for real and it appeared only a matter of time before the move became a reality , but now the 23 year old is pledging loyalty to the old trafford faithful ."
"we do not want to kill the people and drown the country in blood , and we welcome every step that brings a setback for militias or terrorists and a desire to join the political process so we can minimize the losses and blood , he said ."
u . s . president george w . bush and other international leaders have called on him to restore democracy in pakistan by ending the
"the state of emergency could last until march 20 , officials said ."
"the ministers , however , voted not to disrupt the water supply to gaza , the home of 1 . 4 million palestinians ."
"the program opened with the north korean national anthem , followed immediately by the u . s . national anthem , and also includes antonin dvorak s new world symphony and george gershwin s an american in paris ."
there had been speculation that the cartel would again boost production at its next meeting in december .
"it s not the sex that leads to death , said christine huffard , the study s lead author . it s just that octopuses produce offspring once during a very short lifespan of a year ."
"under an agreement hammered out in six nation talks that included the united states and china , leaders in pyonyang agreed to provide a full accounting of the plutonium , acknowledge concerns about its nuclear proliferation and uranium enrichment activities and agree to continued cooperation with a process to ensure that no further activities are taking place ."
thirteen year old katharine tuck s sneakers smell as bad as they look .
she said the contempt proceedings were part of a broader attempt by house democrats to restore our nation s fundamental system of checks and balances .
he was asked if the president would have to right to go back into iraq in order to suppress an insurrection after downsizing the u . s . troop presence .
starbucks corp . said tuesday it will close 600 stores in the united states in the next year and cut back the number of new stores it had planned to open .
"correa , venezuelan president hugo chavez and colombian president alvaro uribe shook hands at the end of what had been a contentious meeting of the rio group of latin american leaders ."
flying with the flu ?
"outh korea will pay up to 5 . 6 trillion won or 5 . 9 billion , for the relocation of u . s . military bases , about half of the total costs , the defense ministry said yesterday ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"republicans dismissed the bill as a futile stunt , since although the democrats control both houses of congress , they do not have enough votes to overrule a presidential veto ."
flying with the flu ?
flying with the flu ?
"through migration , the practice has spread to western countries like britain ."
"on saturday , the police department issued new statistics showing that the city s murder rate for march was down about 1 percent from march 2007 ."
"the key seoul stock index broke past 2 , 000 points for the first time in two months on tuesday on the back of the historic inter korean summit and overnight wall street rally , dealers said ."
emanuel helped lead democrats to majority control of the house in 2006 .
"chirac who made the comments during a monday interview with the new york times , the international herald tribune and le nouvel observateur , a weekly magazine called reporters back the next day to try to have his quotes retracted ."
"in deep brain stimulation , electrodes are used to deliver electrical impulses to the substantia nigra , a crescent shaped region in the center of the brain that controls and coordinates movement ."
the order is boeing s first major deal announcement at a paris air show so far dominated by rival airbus and its bonanza of deals .
"the world s top ranked player made the announcement on his web site , describing his withdrawal as one of the most difficult decisions in my career ."
economists have cheered the new government plan as a good first step toward alleviating congestion and pushing tourism companies to improve service .
"al fayed , who spent most of the day in the witness box , let out a torrent of allegations that members of the royal family were racist ."
"according to the company , model 271 shoes are exported to markets including iraq , iran , syria and egypt ."
"it s not what we expected to happen , boston slugger david ortiz said ."
"1 , 500 british troops are expected to return home in months , rising to 3 , 000 by christmas ."
"this quest takes him from an english village wall into another land , stormhold , a magical realm where the star in question has transformed into yvaine claire danes ."
"the phoenix lander s first taste test of soil near mars north pole reveals a briny environment similar to what can be found in backyards on earth , scientists said thursday ."
"the bush administration has tightened the four decades old u . s . embargo on the island , curtailed visits home by cuban americans and limited the amount of money cuban americans can send to relatives ."
"this is madness , the madness that is going on in gaza now , he said in the west bank city of ramallah , the seat of the palestinian authority ."
"hong s involvement in the scandal came to light through a report of a 90 minute tape recording of a secret discussion between hong , then president of the joongang ilbo , and lee hak soo , vice chairman of samsung group s corporate restructuring office ."
"bulgaria , romania , turkey , austria , the czech republic , greece and germany did not blame either side in the dispute for the cuts only the dispute itself ."
she wasn t fat .
"i don t see that the nie changes the course that we re on , rice told reporters , as she flew to belgium for talks that will include discussions with former cold war foe russia , which , along with china , has resisted new iran sanctions ."
"i have heard from a number of people already , both black and white , that their kids 7 , 8 , 9 years old take for granted now that , of course , a black can run for president , that a woman can run for president , he said . there is a matter of factness to it that i think bodes well for the future ."
"unless you get immediate assistance the risk is , you fall into severe malnutrition and eventually death , so unless our supporters come in immediately for this , we fear that is what is going to happen in the country , said jakob mikkelse , the program s nutrition and education chief ."
"we once again strongly urge them to promptly return home the korean citizens taken hostage , the security policy coordination council said in the statement ."
"profits in 1999 , adjusted for inflation , look likely to set records ."
"in the nearby city of tal afar , three people died and nearly three dozen were wounded when a suicide attacker blew himself up at an iraqi soldier s funeral , the u . s . military reported ."
"they will be pre printed with a forever stamp , the sender s name and return address , and can include a personal or business message ."
a friend says 95 year old mark felt had been suffering from congestive heart failure .
so how will he plead ?
"in the meantime , leaders said they would continue to work toward stimulating economic demand ."
"following are excerpts from the interview , which have been edited for clarity"
"he said , i think a number of people are going to ask the question , couldn t this deal have been concluded three or four years ago before north korea conducted its nuclear test and acquired enough additional plutonium to build anywhere from six to 10 nuclear weapons ?"
"four british veterans are still alive after joining other commonwealth , french , russian and italian troops in the fight against germany and her allies ."
"the trails suggest itineraries for several regions across the state wineries , restaurants , nearby historic sites and special events ."
"president george w bush paid tribute to ford , a fellow republican , praising his integrity and common sense ."
"on tuesday , blagojevich , a democrat , named former illinois attorney general roland burris to serve the last two years on obama s senate term ."
"the storms killed nine people in georgia , seven in alabama and one in missouri ."
"abbas has been involved in a political power struggle against gaza based leaders of hamas , a rival movement that israel considers terrorist ."
the story of a vicious scramble for a penthouse apartment once owned by a high society queen shows the life of new york city women through the lens of where they live .
"the friends , students and family of g . v . loganathan , 51 , want the world to know he was more than just one among the 32 killed during a rampage at virginia tech . right until the moment when cho seung hui burst through loganathan s classroom door , the professor was spending extra time tutoring a struggling graduate student ."
it s a most excellent outcome for keanu reeves
"mcqueen s non negotiable asking price was 3 million plus , he didn t feel like spending four months shooting in the philippine jungle ."
"the rare meeting between the two key and most cynical players in the nuclear drama highlighted the flurry of bilateral meetings among the member countries that also include south korea , china , japan and russia ."
"i m proud i ran a positive campaign , he told supporters . i ran a campaign that was uplifting ."
she s an extraordinary leader of the democratic party and has made history alongside me over the last 16 months .
"the charges bring to 11 the number of those accused in the march 11 attacks that killed at least 190 and wounded about 1 , 800 ."
lanier said police have identified and interviewed the students involved and the investigation is ongoing .
"in washington , state department spokesman tom casey said wednesday that the incident is not expected to affect u . s . relations with iran or iraq ."
"the two leaders , meeting at the oceanfront compound of bush s father , sought to restart u . s . russian relations after months of acrimony . do i trust him ?"
the anfal trial began august 21 and included genocide charges against saddam hussein .
"the two officials will discuss the result of south korea u . s . consultations on mapping out the common and broad approach on the north s nuclear standoff , song min soon , chief presidential security advisor , told a kbs program ."
australia has rejected criticism from delegates at a pacific island summit in fiji that it is acting like original bully .
"practical measures the u . s . and japan , in particular , will take to roll back their hostile policies toward north korea , according to the statement carried by the official korean central news agency ."
"a senior au officer told ap , there is a war going on between the rebels and the government , and the au is crunched in the middle ."
"the president outlined his proposal in a speech ahead of next week s summit in germany of leading industrialized nations , where global warming is to be a major topic and bush will be on the spot ."
"the scent of warm , dry grass fills the air ."
arroyo said she would take the findings and allegations seriously .
"the president warned the western nations that tehran will not permit any of its rights to be taken away , by word or by action ."
"claiming the afghan government and south korean diplomats have not done their best to save the hostages , ahmadi warned them not to waste more time ."
"underlining the backlash was the lionization of popular south korean actor cha in pyo , who was initially approached for the role of maniacal colonel moon ."
"in many cases , the areas in the inner city where they live , they migrated to them within a generation ago ."
a single bullet helped end the nursing home rampage that left eight people dead in north carolina .
the international association of athletics federation iaaf on tuesday selected the south korean city of daegu as host for the 2011 world championships .
grand hyatt spokeswoman karen cheung said it was business as usual at the hotel .
"the council already has imposed sanctions on iran for failing to meet requirements set out by the international atomic energy agency , the u . n . nuclear watchdog ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
park s election marks the first time a female politician has led a major political party in korea since 1965 .
draft likely to be reduced
several times he said where he was training and it proved to be wrong . the management of the team received that information several times and today we received new information .
with so much food moving around the house and visitors who generously
"madrid fashion week set a bmi limit of 18 in september , and italian designers in december agreed to health and age guidelines for runway models , the associated press reported ."
"alberto repossi told the inquest into the couple s deaths on august 31 , 1997 , that they visited his store in monte carlo a few weeks earlier , on august 5 ."
"greenprint , software that analyzes what a computer sends to a printer ."
they reportedly took him away in a boat intending to kill him .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"in real life , however , attitudes about sex are rapidly changing ."
but the big story is not about these people .
"the scientists , including a team from the california institute of technology , says three major quakes in the last week have increased the likelihood of a major disaster ."
"to the people , they offer an opportunity to speak with anonymity , making cyberspace almost impossible to regulate despite a slew of high profile arrests since march ."
his goal was from the beginning to con her and to blackmail her into giving him money .
"i started watching his work when i was 15 years old , said dicaprio , who has starred in scorsese s last three films and introduced the director to the guild audience earlier in the evening ."
"palin s going rogue , mccain aide says"
but the nobel peace prize winner said she will continue to be guided by the policies and wishes of the opposition political party she heads the national league for democracy .
"the web site lists the price for the presentation car at 5 , 000 for a winter trip ."
"amnesty international said earlier the junta had arrested a dozen activists and buddhist monks this month , despite assurances that the crackdown had stopped ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"killed in the attack were a bodyguard for the president and two attackers , da costa said ."
washington cnn federal prosecutors tuesday urged a florida judge to sentence actor wesley snipes to three years in prison and fine him 5 million to demonstrate to taxpayers that refusal to pay income taxes carries severe penalties .
"he retained his pakistani citizenship , but has not been allowed to travel to pakistan or directly take part in pakistani politics ."
"she is just 11 years old , but she is the breadwinner for her family ."
"at least 89 people were killed when the plane , operated by thai budget airline one two go , skidded off a runway in heavy rain on the island of phuket ."
draft likely to be reduced
korean idol lee byung hun makes waves overseas
"the teens admitted that they had defaced the mccain sign several times , warren township police lt . don bishop told cnn ."
"the plan could mean sending thousands of support troops in addition to the 20 , 000 plus combat troops the defense department has set for deployment ."
"cnn a judge in malaysia sentenced an indonesian man to five years in prison for burying his day old baby alive in a jungle , a local newspaper reported tuesday ."
the reports said the payments were tied to the prince s role in negotiating an 85 billion deal to sell british warplanes to saudi arabia in 1985 .
"to eat and drink like a local , visit an izakaya essentially , a bar that serves food , usually at a good price ."
", to keep one of the key items on the list , a limestone and marble statue of aphrodite , until 2010 ."
"the ministry attributed the surge of exports to the steady growth of the global economy , domestic pressure to cut inventories , and concerns over aggravated export conditions in the latter half of the year ."
sawaya
"a further 11 countries were named as countries under watch bahrain , eritrea , gambia , jordan , libya , malaysia , sri lanka , tajikistan , thailand , united arab emirates and yemen ."
arsenal captain william gallas stepped in to try to calm matters down before then being confronted himself by the angry young danish striker .
the 614 members of the legislative body passed that motion unanimously .
the israelis responded with accurate fire and warned them again to stop .
"the troops and tanks , which moved in overnight , have cut gaza in two , and have surrounded gaza city ."
"bush also said he is thrilled to have a front row seat in an unbelievable moment in american history . and i was deeply touched by a lot of people i saw on election night with tears streaming down their face and saying , i never , ever thought i would see this day coming ."
a foot higher than earlier thought
"at one address , officers had to use an earth mover to gain entry , police said ."
shipping has been banned near the dam since april 10 but is to resume june 16 .
"roddick had several love games in the match , using his powerful forehand to keep nadal at bay ."
"european governments and secret services accepted and concealed secret u . s . flights taking terrorism suspects across europe , the european parliament said on wednesday ."
the report is part of a government campaign launched earlier this month to warn parents about airbags .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
i felt the important thing for me to do with my life was to move forward after we lost our race .
television footage showed the bus lying on its side and a number of derailed train cars .
amnesty said in a report last year that iran s penal code allows execution by stoning as the penalty for adultery .
"gaetano errico , a neapolitan priest who founded a missionary order in the 19th century sister maria bernarda , born verena buetler in switzerland in 1848 , who worked as a nun in ecuador and colombia"
"earlier this month , a group of japanese lawmakers demanded the us government retract the resolution , saying it was based on wrong information that is totally different from the historical fact ."
the belated report also sparked speculation that the chinese ship left the scene of the accident without trying to rescue the victims .
he is the grandson of psychoanalyst sigmund freud and came to london from germany when he was a child .
"the slugger returned to the starting lineup on friday night , and went 0 for 4 with a walk saturday ."
"it is so strange that the regime is giving the people one more day off , while most government employees are not hard workers , el erian said ."
with paris hotels booked full many fans are staying 30 kilometers 20 miles outside the city in hotels around disneyland s paris resort .
south africa has become notorious for its high rate of violent crime .
"in kenya , obama s extended family danced in his ancestral village of kogelo , chanting , barack obama , barack obama is going to the white house ."
"i think there s very little that i can say that isn t anything but the utmost praise for a great american citizen , who served as a role model to so many millions of people in this country and around the world ."
"an amber alert was issued after the baby was reported missing . rollins said investigators were still interviewing heuser , and the investigation continues ."
"the mission of the 3 , 600 man korean contingent based in irbil , northern iraq , is mandated until the end of this year ."
police do not know the shooter s motive and do not believe he had a specific target in mind .
"her son , teti , is believed to have ruled for around 20 years until he was possibly assassinated , a sign of the time s turbulence ."
"i was not aware of what was happening , he added ."
it was the deadliest mine accident in ukraine since an explosion at the barakova mine in the eastern luhansk region killed 81 miners in march 2000 .
"we want them to know how to use the gun properly , how to properly defend themselves ."
flying with the flu ?
"usually , following the death of a dalai lama , senior tibetan buddhist officials , guided by dreams and signs , identify a young child to succeed him ."
even simple meditation techniques such as saying a mantra in your head or watching your breath can make a big difference .
ministry of maritime affairs and fisheries
"elysee palace announced thursday the sarkozys were separating , but offered no further details ."
his father couldn t calm him down and finally gave up trying .
sseruma was relieved when she finally received her visa on time . but the hurdles were far from over .
the finer points of lying in online ultimatum bargaining . keep in mind that both of these media
it was the second time for an asian actress to win the award at the festival .
korea to double african aid by . . .
family members even tried an emergency hand pump attached to the iron lung .
"cnn the only copy of the magna carta in the united states , regarded as the earliest declaration of human rights , will be returned to the national archives by the man who purchased it for more than 21 . 3 million ."
"a match between last year s finalist , fernando gonzalez of chile , and greece s konstantinos economidis was stopped for five minutes while police ejected the spectators , tournament officials and police said ."
their departure follows comments made last week by south korean unification minister kim ha joong .
some laptops are having battery problems
"a statement from buckingham palace said the queen and her husband , prince philip , are delighted with the news ."
"obama earlier brushed aside the adviser s remarks , saying they were probably the result of the latest poll numbers , which show the two candidates tied in the first primary state , new hampshire ."
"in his book , he also claims that he will implant a wheel in the abdomen of each of his disciples ."
it looks like mccain has convinced growing numbers of americans that his policies would be different than bush .
"baltimore , maryland cnn for one night , at least , tattoos and the living canvases that carry them took their place alongside rembrandt , matisse and picasso ."
the new work is reported in the november issue of the journal genome research by a team including o brien and colleague joan pontius .
"nato aircraft dropped hundreds of leaflets monday night on several villages in southern afghanistan that have been seized by the taliban , warning residents to leave ahead of an allied operation against the rebels , officials said ."
"while in custody , some of the captives confessed on video to straying into iranian territorial waters ."
bio diversity has been reduced .
"but with rates now hovering at 4 5 percent at banks , landlords are demanding even more substantial lump sums ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the australian actor spoke at a press conference in sydney on wednesday where he unveiled 20 minutes of completed film footage to fans .
"annapolis , maryland cnn israeli and palestinian leaders will immediately launch peace talks aimed at creating a palestinian state alongside israel and they hope to finish negotiations before 2009 , president bush announced tuesday ."
copyright 2006 the associated press all rights reserved
singapore s governing party faces a fight for power for the first time in 18 years .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the united states is backing israel to continue the occupation of our land , said 24 year old construction worker fadi suleiman ."
"although it s unknown how many of those deaths are linked to gum disease , oral pathologist dr . dwight weathers of emory university suspects that the number would be high , given that 85 percent of people over age 65 and probably half of people younger than that have some form of periodontal disease ."
"korea express , one of south korea s leading logistics firms , will sign an agreement with the libyan government next month to take over the remaining construction for the world s biggest waterway project ."
there are nodules around the chest and dark marks . she has 70 percent lung capacity .
"the church , cosby said , had planned to take extra security precautions for wright s services this weekend , but said the decision to cancel the appearances was wright s entirely ."
"the best way to get to nevado de toluca is to take a bus to the city of toluca , at the foot of the mountain , and from there either rent a car or take a taxi the remaining distance ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the committee is expected to vote on her nomination on thursday .
a study by australia s main scientific body found high levels of toxic emissions in cars for up to six months and longer after they leave the showroom .
"both indonesia and malaysia have tried nurturing winners , in aerospace and cars respectively ."
"so i had two choices either a foreign run travel agency in afghanistan , spending upward of 1 , 000 a day , or i could hire a driver for a third of the cost ."
"bhutto , who escaped the blast because she had stepped into her armored bus minutes before the bomb went off , has called for an independent inquiry , questioning why many streetlights were not working as her convoy inched its way through the darkness , and noting the chief investigator is a police officer who had been present as her husband was allegedly tortured while in custody on corruption charges in 1999 ."
"the faa sees suborbital flights becoming a 700 million business , with 15 , 000 passengers a year , by 2021 benson s boast , then , may be on the conservative side ."
covina police chief kim raney described it as a pressurized tank attached to another tank filled with accelerant .
"a 16 year old girl was hospitalized with a gun shot wound and another victim , who jumped out the window , was taken to a local hospital , police said ."
"i would rather not try to make a new historic turning point with this meeting , said roh whose term expires in february of next year"
flying with the flu ?
"last week , a group of major clinton donors who had donated roughly 24 million to the party over the past decade sent a message to house speaker nancy pelosi , who had made public comments urging superdelegates to nominate the pledged delegate leader , calling on her to reconsider her position ."
"capitalizing on asian affinity for fancy stationery , the function has options to personalize stamps and backgrounds to resemble different types of notebook paper ."
"after more than a decade of chaos , some aid groups now are focusing on the psychological problems of somalia s children of war ."
"new york ap harry potter star daniel radcliffe , who strips for his new role in london s west end revival of the play equus , has ignited a bit of a media firestorm by posing for racy promotional photos for the production ."
the british foreign office has warned tourists to take care in the city after two people were killed and more than 400 were injured during recent clashes between protesters and police .
"the elah valley , which shares its name with the fortress ."
"buyers came from china and japan , with the chinese buying nearly 4 . 2 tons and the japanese buying 3 . 7 tons , said wijnstekers , who spoke to cnn from the auction in the namibian capital of windhoek ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"an increasing number of analysts think the u . s . economy , which grew by 2 . 2 percent in 2007 , started shrinking in the first three months of this year and is still contracting ."
the marine squad initially reported that awad had planned to detonate a roadside bomb against their patrol .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
who will become the first educators to fly to space and then return to the classroom .
"he was arrested in march after his girlfriend told police he poured an alcoholic drink on her face while she slept , put her in a choke hold and threw her onto a bed when she tried to leave ."
"if you d rather lunch with the literati , les editeurs 4 carrefour de l odeon should fit the bill ."
the 50 billion for iraq and afghanistan that was approved by the house is about a quarter of what the administration requested .
"the bomb exploded as the off duty bodyguard was alone in his car and was just starting to move it , said the official , antonio camacho , the secretary of state for security ."
"this is the first time it has been lent by the metropolitan museum in new york , says cormack . this is the first chance people have had to see it face to face in this country ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the senate s inaction makes it nearly impossible that a re vote will occur .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"tests are still being carried out on their 11 year old sister , who also died , to see if she was also infected with h5n1 ."
"the statement said the cabinet , at a meeting chaired by premier wen jiabao , had decided to adopt active fiscal policy and moderately easy monetary policies ."
"in all , weber said , 14 tons of aid and 500 emergency housing units were being shipped into the area ."
"apart from potentially being able to treat or regrow an ailing thymus , gill says the better understanding of how the thymus and immune system cells works will most likely lead to better disease treatments ."
kim claimed lee had used phony residential addresses for property speculation .
"if the state justices rule in favor of the plaintiffs , california would become the second state to allow same sex couples to legally wed . massachusetts adopted the practice in 2004 , and gay couples don t need to be state residents to wed there ."
other motorists and i helped evacuate the wounded before the ambulances came .
"india , which advocacy groups say may have as many as 65 million forced laborers , was spared the worst ranking on the state department s new list of nations where humans are bought and sold ."
"it s extremely important to establish a common agenda to move forward toward the establishment of a palestinian state , she said ."
the government thinks it can pull off this trick because it did so once before .
now die hard supporters are renewing their push for the audacious plan a 65 billion highway project that would link two of the world s most inhospitable regions by burrowing under a stretch of water connecting the pacific with the arctic ocean .
"typical of many coastal villagers , kanchan has lost not only his home , but also his livelihood ."
what made the simpsons so compelling ?
"they re not large , he said ."
"the july 21 failed attacks happened 14 days after the july 7 london suicide attacks , which killed 52 commuters and four bombers . watch the trial conclude for four men accused of plotting the july 21 attacks raquo"
"ponosov , a headmaster in a remote school in the perm region of the ural mountains , said he did not know the computers had fake licenses when they were delivered by a sub contractor ."
"al maliki s logic is for the government to do what it wants and the way it wants , said sheikh salah al obaidi , a top aide to al sadr ."
the joong ang ilbo reports ban s statement comes after the u . s . urged that a coordinated approach be taken on the north korean nuclear crisis .
"the deserted island story grossed just 600 , 000 and was pulled from theaters after three weeks ."
"germany insists it will not send more troops to afghanistan and it will not move them to the restive south , despite a reported request from the united states ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"back to the clinton global initiative in new york , activist rocker bono told the former president this morning about an a ha !"
"powerful storms killed at least 21 people in three states over the weekend , including an oklahoma mother who died while huddling over her infant ."
"prior to her birth , he released a photo showing his bearded face and pregnant belly ."
"one of the most concerning aspects of recent data is evidence that , in some places , the arctic ocean is losing sea ice 30 years ahead of current ipcc predictions ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"other new york markets , the nasdaq and the s p also gained more than 10 percent on the day ."
"at least 22 bodies were pulled from collapsed homes , said anwar kazi , a spokesman for the private relief service edhi foundation ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
that is not a small nail .
"if it went straight to cochin they would get a lot closer to the danger area , he said ."
"the cold snap , they said , would continue until next thursday ."
"he also took aim at mccain s economic philosophy , saying , george bush may not be on the ballot this fall , but his tax cut and his economic policies are ,"
"stocks on wall street slumped friday , as the brutal week ended ."
the white house has dismissed the film as outrageously false .
improve your kiss
"clinton also won tuesday in ohio and rhode island , while obama won vermont ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
it s an economic blueprint for our future ?
"i m very proud to have competed against her , obama told the israel lobbying group ."
"superior court judge robert schnider refused to make stern a part of the paternity court action but said he would review the matter in two weeks after he considers the law more closely , opri said ."
"analysts say the new list could lead to a host of new business , city or hobby specific domain names , such as dot hotel , dot flight , dot fishing or even dot sex ."
"seven hundred to 1 , 000 people were on the bridge when it gave way , budha said ."
benedict has an unusually busy schedule this week
iraq government was mired in confusion .
swede henrik stenson still leads the order of merit with 1 . 71 million euros .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"as the debate continues on the floor of the senate on the massive 900 billion spending and tax package , work is going on behind closed doors on changes that could make the proposal easier to swallow for its opponents ."
"teenagers need eight to 10 hours of sleep , compared with the six to eight hours recommended for adults ."
"a recent escalation in rows led to madonna and ritchie communicating via their personal assistants , the sun reported ."
"the awards , featuring a much hyped opening number by britney spears , are set to air live sunday from the palms hotel ."
"but complications over north korean funds , frozen in a macau bank , delayed proceedings ."
"spain s rafael nadal , the second seed in hamburg , has won the french open for the last two years and is on a 77 match winning streak on clay , dating back to april 2005 ."
then just start walking around .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"in fact , everything in the room is made of lego a cash register , a monkey , a bowl of fruit , a vase of flowers ."
"wednesday s announcement reverses a statement made in february by the ministry of defence and the royal family , which said that harry would be sent to iraq with his regiment ."
"the report of the blast in kabul came on the same day that a coalition soldier was killed in afghanistan s south , the u . s . military said ."
"today , i decided to step down as chairman of the group , the grim faced lee said in a nationally televised press conference at the samsung head office in seoul ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"odinga supporters carried white flags , olive branches and protest signs as they tried to get to uhuru park , where the rally was to have been held ."
democrat chuck schumer took to the senate floor this morning to suggest there s more than one way to get more done .
"in a report to the national assembly , the ministry unveiled a draft five year roadmap to take back wartime operational control from the u . s . military ."
this is the ap s ross simpson .
"secretary of defense robert gates was quickly informed of this incident . . . and he has been receiving daily briefings from gen . buzz moseley , the air force chief of staff , on actions that the air force is taking and the progress of their investigation , pentagon press secretary geoff morrell told reporters wednesday ."
"hu , on an eight nation tour of africa , traveled monday to namibia , where he announced new development aid for the sparsely populated , mineral rich desert country , which hopes to benefit from an influx of chinese investment and tourists ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the senator from illinois and presumptive democratic presidential nominee will visit france , germany , israel , jordan and britain , his campaign says ."
"the archaeologists uncovered the objects in 2005 at a site called zaraysk , which was discovered in 1980 ."
"doraemon , through voice actress wasabi mizuta , promised komura that through my cartoons , i hope to convey to people abroad what ordinary japanese people think , our lifestyles and what kind of future we want to build ."
australian open semifinalist jelena jankovic reached the fourth round of the pacific life open on monday with a straight sets win over japanese veteran ai sugiyama .
"the first lady generated some buzz last night by wearing another sleek , sleeveless dress to the speech , one that showed michelle obama s well toned upper arms ."
cnn a man who fled the united states for his native england after his wife and daughter were killed was found guilty of their murders wednesday .
"tama s home of kishikawa in japan is an isolated town of just a few thousand people , the last stop on what had been a failing train line ."
"the departures board at berlin s hauptbahnhof , the main train station , displayed long delays or no service at all ."
kaka opened the scoring in the 39th minute for brazil with a clear shot past peru goalkeeper diego penny .
"the russian star , coming off her first clay court title last week at amelia island , is looking for her fourth tournament victory of the year ."
"senator patrick leahy , meanwhile , says fines are not enough to force companies to adhere to food safety laws"
"the korea herald reports the number of koreans filing claims for unemployment insurance benefits is set to outstrip the level during the 1997 98 financial crisis , reflecting the serious state of the economic slump that has hamstrung the nation s job market for years , government officials said yesterday ."
microsoft had leveraged its pc monopoly in which it is unfairly advantaged .
"these days , his time is otherwise occupied ."
anyone applying for a visa for long term stay must present a certificate stating that they are hiv negative .
"johnston , the bbc correspondent in gaza , was kidnapped march 12 by a group calling itself the army of islam ."
that career includes 11 years on england s national team and stints on storied football clubs manchester united and real madrid .
tampa bay rays reach baseball s world series
"the u . s . is under a process to realign its troops around the world , lee said ."
"in february , during a rally to support a proposed amnesty for afghans suspected of war crimes , thousands of former fighters shouted death to malalai joya !"
and the story behind its development
the new airbus 380 superjumbo has just completed its maiden commercial flight and there are already plans to transform the world s largest passenger plane into the pinnacle of private luxury an executive jet . two european companies
"after north american and asian cities marked their 20th century economic booms with skyscrapers , the gulf grew eager to show off its success with ever taller buildings ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"nasrallah made the declaration during a fiery speech at the funeral of imad mughniyeh in lebanon s capital , beirut ."
but the queen won t be giving charles the present many believe he craves most
english clubs warned over 5 . 2b debt mountain
"it was a combination of things , steinberg said ."
"the bush administration should work with korea on the relocation of troops with care and consideration , mr . richardson told participants at a world economic forum roundtable discussion ."
"if taxes get too high , people drop out of the work force , and pay less taxes ."
"july will be a busy month of shuttle diplomacy , hill told reporters , as the six party talks get ready to see their first tangible accomplishment in north korea shutting down its nuclear facilities ."
"the peanut paste , made from roasted peanuts , is an ingredient in cookies , cakes , and other products that people buy in a supermarket ."
"south korea s military , however , said saturday it did not believe north korea was preparing to test fire its ballistic missiles ."
israeli authorities said none of the approximately 445 detainees members of abbas fatah party had been implicated in deadly attacks against israelis .
"the results are not yet final , but it appears the opposition movement for democratic change and its allies will secure a majority in zimbabwe s 210 seat lower house of parliament ."
"on saturday , he said , he did as much business as he would normally do in a week ."
"last year , the military ruled harry could not be sent to iraq because publicity about the deployment could put him and his unit at risk ."
"there are about 5 , 500 jews living in india , a predominantly hindu nation of 1 . 1 billion people ."
"ali ashgar soltanieh , tehran s chief delegate to the iaea , told the associated press that sanctions against the islamic republic only create more solidarity of the iranian nation to protect their inalienable rights ."
attorney general alberto gonzales on wednesday toured a jewish cultural center bombed in 1994 and said the united states supports argentina s efforts to seek justice for its worst terrorist attack .
"though indonesia s health minister last week announced that the country had shared three viruses with a who accredited laboratory in japan , it is uncertain whether further viruses will be shared ."
"dad called the cops after his 28 year old son , who s a suburban cleveland school board member , threw a plate of food across the kitchen table and made a fist at dad when he was told to clean up his room ."
"at the time , baldwin and basinger were in an angry custody fight related to their 2001 divorce ."
"he was in critical but stable condition thursday morning , his mother told cbs s the early show ."
he ll not weigh until he stands before god seem to fit the salty charm of this tiny island on the south edge of denmark .
the contract is also supposed to show that lee is a legitimate owner of the das fund .
"a former colombian army soldier , who told authorities he had a grenade , was holding about 19 people hostage wednesday at a government pension office in bogota , officials said ."
"the move will likely ensure that united russia retains a two thirds majority in the state duma , the lower house of parliament , enough to change the constitution ."
when do we want it ?
"about 2 , 000 registered sex offenders in maryland will be required to post no candy signs on their doors on halloween night ."
he also raised concerns that trying and executing the men unfairly could make them martyrs in the eyes of extremists .
the identities of the stunt drivers were not released .
"a 40 year old office clerk made a splash in rome s trevi fountain when she went for a swim , naked , in the renaissance masterpiece in front of a crowd of tourists . the water is everyone s ."
"thursday s suspected test off the west coast may have been carried out after a similar test failed on may 25th , when the north test fired missiles off the east coast , a south korean official was quoted as saying earlier ."
"estimated at 2 percent per decade is a natural part of aging , says carol ann paul , who conducted the study when she was at the boston university school of public health ."
"moscow , russia cnn a russian man is accused of murdering a hairdresser over the price of a haircut ."
"the mccanns reported madeleine missing on may 3 this year while on holiday in praia da luz , in southern portugal ."
national weather service meteorologist mike eckert says that snow should stay through christmas
"many of those rescuers are now ill with respiratory problems and cancers , and they blame the illnesses on exposure to the fallen world trade center towers toxic dust ."
"it would also have recreational uses , allowing people to touch and feel each other over the internet ."
"in turn , he was accused by a lawyer of being part of a conspiracy to murder the princess and her boyfriend , dodi fayed ."
"tens of thousands of women were employed to provide cheap sex to u . s . troops until the spring of 1946 , when gen . douglas macarthur shut the brothels down ."
"before monday , the deadliest mass shooting in the united states occurred in 1991 , when george hennard drove a pickup truck into a killeen , texas , cafeteria and fatally shot 23 people , before shooting and killing himself ."
they often disregarded the legal ceiling and used illegal ways at retrieving the funds .
"washington hopes that future talks will yield an agreement for the north to dismantle the facility entirely , and also wants the nuclear bombs pyongyang is believed to have built to be confiscated ."
bush s life bigger than fiction
korean female stars run off with lpga event .
iran s u . n . ambassador mohammad khazee told the council just before the vote that the government would not comply with the unlawful action against its peaceful nuclear program .
but britain said it feared the sailors might have been coerced into appearing and insists they were seized in iraqi waters .
"the project , which has a budget of 20 million , will enable the space frontier foundation to send 200 teachers a year"
russian president vladimir putin has said he believes relations with britain will develop normally despite what he called a mini crisis after tit for tat diplomatic expulsions condemned by london as completely unjustified .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the associated press , citing diplomats , said gambari was taken on a government sponsored trip to attend a seminar in the far northern shan state on eu relations with southeast asia , instead of meeting with junta leader senior gen . than shwe ."
french scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart which is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes .
"the dow jones industrial average up 48 . 35 to 13 , 312 . 97 , charts gained nearly 0 . 4 percent after briefly hitting an intraday record of 13 , 317 . 69 ."
"after a 45 day checkout period , the craft will start its mission ."
london based ba said the exploratory talks would look at creating a dual listed company but offered no other details .
boeing said it now has 677 firm orders for 787s .
"he would not confirm this would mean an overall reduction in the number of troops on the ground in iraq , saying this would depend on the assessment of commanders on the ground over the coming weeks and months ."
he says this is a sad day for pontiac fans .
"he says they re lucky the spider didn t attack , because a single bite from the brazilian wandering species can kill a human in 25 minutes ."
the military said it has intelligence reports indicating that amara and majjar al kabir are safe havens and smuggling routes for terrorists to import iranian weapons into iraq for the insurgency .
listen to this from a new ap poll correspondent bryant thomas
"since the islamic militant hamas faction took power last march , western donors have cut off vital foreign aid , leaving the palestinian government bankrupt . abbas has been trying to forge a unity government to restore the aid ."
"these are the scourges of humanity , open and festering in every corner of the planet , although they are often ignored and sometimes deliberately concealed , wounds that torture the souls and bodies of countless of our brothers and sisters , he said , speaking over the sound of heavy rain in the square ."
how do you fix the world s most expensive health care system ?
the financial world to congress
106 year old honored by obama ain t got time to die
"the order was read out at a news conference in karbala , where fighting on tuesday killed more than 50 people ."
the families of the remaining 21 south korean hostages being held in central afghanistan say they have all but lost hope for the survival of their loved ones after a second hostage s body was recovered .
"this year , pyongyang has condemned the ufl as allied preparations to invade the north ."
"the agency said world oil use would grow by 1 . 8 million barrels per day in the current quarter , slightly below previous estimates due to a drop in u . s . demand ."
"duncan , a perennial all star , just led the san antonio spurs to the nba championship , winning the fourth title of his career ."
"it should be noted that there was not a piece of paper on the bathroom floor , nor did craig pick up a piece of paper , karsnia wrote ."
"these aren t debates , the former georgia congressman said . this is a cross between tv shows the bachelor , american idol and who s smarter than a fifth grader ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"this is a baby , cheney said wednesday at a forum sponsored by glamour magazine ."
"after a closed hearing monday , gordon ordered spears , 25 , to undergo random drug tests twice a week ."
that is similar to a june 14 survey which showed lee with 38 . 5 percent and park with 25 . 5 percent .
"the official death toll from the quake has risen to 69 , 107 , china s civil affairs ministry reported on tuesday , an increase of 88 ."
"but at the rate nasa recruits astronauts , these kids would have a greater chance becoming nba players than going to space . we want to turn that around . we want them to go to space , said wright , who is also chairman of the united states rocket academy ."
analysts say the move shows the north koreans are serious about a pledge to shut down and seal the reactor .
"i thought , wow , wouldn t it be something if everybody just wrote that little story down and gave it to him ?"
"while japan is totally reliant on oil imports , iran is the world s fourth largest crude producer ."
"a relative helped to steady the girl s mother , khadija , who was overwhelmed with sadness ."
he says he would continue to support the difficult eu process as president .
"a tropical storm warning , meaning tropical storm conditions are expected within 24 hours , was in effect for an area south of palma sola to veracruz ."
"archaeologists have yet to decipher the text , but initial interpretation indicates it formed part of a letter and contains the roots of the words judge , slave , and king , according to the university ."
"tuesday s vote may have little impact on the democratic presidential race , however , because the party s national leadership said it would not allow florida s delegates to participate in the national convention because of a squabble over scheduling ."
the deputy told judd that conditions on the road worsened suddenly .
"the door was closed , and she had affixed a sign on the outside warning , gas being emitted , kyodo reported ."
television footage of the quake showed buildings shaking violently for about 30 seconds .
.
"nessie watcher and marine biologist adrian shine of the loch ness 2000 center in drumnadrochit , on the shores of the lake , viewed the video and hopes to properly analyze it in the coming months ."
"police in thailand are seeking the arrest of leaders of an anti junta movement , after violent protests in the capital bangkok ."
"belgian police are holding a 20 year old man after a bloody rampage yesterday at a day care center , in which 2 babies and a 54 year old caregiver were stabbed to death ."
"in an interview with the british broadcasting corp . , rammell said paek told him the blast wasn t an accident , that it wasn t a nuclear explosion , that it was a deliberate detonation of a mountain as part of a hydroelectric project ."
earned argentina a 2 1 victory in mexico s aztec stadium on the way to the title .
"david ferrer , feliciano lopez and fernando verdasco are expected to be back on the team ."
"suicide bombings like the attack that killed bhutto and more than 20 of her supporters , including asif , have intensified in recent months in pakistan ."
the first vote was 348 73 the second was 280 142 .
"during the talks , the two sides will discuss how to cooperate in implementing the february 13 agreement , south korean unification minister lee jae joung said tuesday before his departure for the talks that run through friday ."
"in 2003 , he launched opus ."
but dutch sculptor dre wapenaar sees his creation as much more than just a novel bit of camping kit .
they say the simple darth vader game a relatively crude biofeedback device cloaked in gimmicky garb portends the coming of more sophisticated devices that could revolutionize the way people play .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the iranians are cooperating with russian nuclear agencies and the main objectives are peaceful objectives , he said ."
the two leaders began their meeting at 0930 at the paekhwawon guest house where roh is staying .
"we re trying to keep our place here , she said . we don t want to become like people right now who are losing their homes ."
"nepal has about 25 security personnel on the mountain , including 15 soldiers trained in mountain warfare , the army officer said ."
"the carrier , based in chicago , illinois , said the fee to check a second bag will be 25 each way ."
"digital rights management , or drm , has been demanded by the music industry to contain piracy by preventing users"
"he also told reporters he will press north korea to improve its human rights record , ap reported ."
"a snow storm buried camps erected along the route , an official said ."
"in the past , aside from the occasional young star like tiger woods , the players winning big tournaments have tended to be the more mature pros ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"in december of last year , the committee for the democratization of north korea , a group established by defectors , claimed that 90 percent of the rice aid from the south went to north korean soldiers ."
"twenty one of the reports claimed minor property damage , and small burns were reported in four cases ."
"the fbi s rankings for 2007 will not be out until much later in the year , but new orleans population is thought to be 295 , 450 , which would mean a rate of about 71 homicides per 100 , 000 people ."
local governments in los angeles and west hollywood are also part of the effort to curb what they call a dangerous and expensive problem .
it is the second time the senior citizen has committed arson .
"president roh moo hyun s national security council said kim sun il s killing was , an inhumane act of terror ."
"the collapse is similar to what happens to hardened glass when it is smashed with a hammer , he said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"about 750 feet 230 meters to the bottom , it s even deeper than the north sea ."
"the president must acknowledge that his conduct has compromised the integrity and effectiveness of the world bank group and has destroyed the staff s trust in his leadership , according to written remarks presented at the meeting by staff association chair alison cave and obtained by reuters ."
"u . s . registrations of new hybrid vehicles rose 38 percent in 2007 to a record 350 , 289 , according to data to be released monday by r . l . polk co . , a southfield based automotive marketing and research company ."
"the case is the 200th in the united states in which a person was convicted , then exonerated based on dna evidence , the group says ."
but it s an issue that raises major privacy concerns what one civil liberties expert says should concern all americans .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"i m again very much surprised by this terrorist attack , ban said ."
"furnishing dealer kapil kumar todi said he chose the name because that s what came to my mind , according to the paper ."
"summers , who was treasury secretary in the clinton administration , will be named chief of the national economic council by obama at an event in chicago , illinois , on monday , the sources said ."
"accident and defect rates fell and productivity gains were enough to cover the reduced time , a company spokesman said ."
sources fear the outrageous abuse of foreign business executives by the prosecution will further dampen flagging foreign investment in korea .
"officials said the girl frequently asked for fruits and sweets , which was sent to her with the help of a rope ."
"it was mostly chaos and confusion all over the place , he said . he described the neighborhood as quite a shantytown with lots of ramshackle houses ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"when she did , in the winter of 1996 , the nuisance became malignant melanoma ."
"although critics complained that pavarotti s vocal skills were waning , the trio performed together for 14 years ."
"if the democratic national committee wants to talk about another florida presidential primary , but not paid for by the taxpayers of florida they have already paid 18 million for the presidential primary that was held . if the dnc were to pay for another election , then that might be considered , said florida sen . bill nelson , a democrat ."
"it said shublaq was dizzy from a lack of oxygen after the 55 minute flight , but was otherwise unhurt ."
working level officials have narrowed their differences over the schedule and are reportedly close to an agreement on 2012 as the target year .
registration for election in april is began .
the victory means the blues are now unbeaten in 75 consecutive league games at stamford bridge and they remain in third place four points behind the top two .
"edinburgh , stansted , glasgow , aberdeen and southampton are the other airports affected ."
"the basra contingent could fall to little over 3 , 000 in the next six months , the pa reported , citing the daily telegraph newspaper ."
"elsewhere , police there thwarted a suicide bombing ."
"china has a thriving trade in babies that are stolen or bought from poor families and then sold to couples who want another child , a servant or a future bride for a son ."
"the plane clipped several treetops and hit the roofs of three houses , crashing onto its back with its tires in the air , japhet kiwa , who lives a few miles away from the airport , told ap ."
"the death toll of more than 15 , 000 , official sources told the chinese state run news agency xinhua , makes the weekend cyclone the deadliest natural disaster to hit myanmar in recent history , according to figures compiled by a u . n . funded disaster database ."
"in the analysis , rosenbaum compared 289 young adults who took virginity pledges in their teens with 645 young people who did not take such a pledge ."
"saakashvili claimed 52 . 8 percent of the vote , while opposition leader levan gachechiladze had 27 percent , tarkhnishvili said ."
"convoys of buses carrying iraqi refugees are heading from damascus to baghdad , marking the first time that some of the 1 . 5 million iraqis who fled to syria are returning home as part of an organized plan ."
van sant also won the prize for best director .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"a taliban representative , an official from the south korean government and mediators issued a statement in ghazni where the 19 are being held saying that they had come to an agreement and the hostages would be released as soon as possible ."
whitticase said his group was now asking other high profile leaders to follow the prince s principled example .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"but his wife , linda daschle , is a registered lobbyist at the powerful firm baker donelson , which does have some clients in health related fields ."
the vehicle displayed two holes in the metal grille in the front .
"abu dhabi , united arab emirates cnn a license plate with nothing but the number 1 on it went for a record 14 million at a charity auction saturday ."
"obama , campaigning in iowa , told reporters sunday he s flattered that one of bush s allies started attacking me the day after i announced his presidential run i take that as a compliment ."
the north now relies heavily on outside food aid to feed its 22 million people .
"the body mummified rather than rotted in part because of the salty seaside air in roses , a catalan regional police official said , speaking on condition of anonymity ."
japan and china will hold another meeting late this month or early next .
the goal was to pick the first citizen passenger and promote the space program .
the united states and israel consider hamas a terror organization .
"thereafter , palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas and israeli prime minister ehud olmert will meet every two weeks to follow up on the negotiations and offer assistance , the statement says ."
"in 1988 , a 7 . 1 magnitude quake in yunnan near the border with myanmar killed more than 930 people ."
israeli prime minister ehud olmert on sunday played down expectations for a peace deal with the palestinians before the end of 2008 as laid out at a u . s . sponsored peace conference last week .
living in a cage in hong kong
put on a happy face
north korea halted the dismantling of the plutonium producing plants in august after a stalemate over verification measures .
"she didn t attend a luncheon with her husband at u . s . president george w . bush s maine vacation home over the summer , citing illness ."
"we have only our own ingenuity and we have no hope of a meaningful solution unless we find a way to work together , branson said ."
"there are about 150 million migrant laborers in china , mostly in cities ."
"as an african american , i believe that imus has crossed the line , a very bright line that divides our country , said bruce gordon , a cbs director and former president and ceo of the national association for the advancement of colored people ."
but he was the standard bearer for the 24 hour economy .
"baghdad , iraq cnn american warplanes thursday pounded a region of iraq considered a safe haven for al qaeda in iraq , dropping 38 bombs in the first 10 minutes of the attack , the u . s . military said ."
"driven by the plate beneath the indian ocean , the entire coastline is flexing , as the earth literally bends ."
the increase in requests for re homing is attributed to the financial crisis .
"still , her party has yet to resolve a potentially damaging wrangle over who should be the next prime minister ."
"he could serve up to 90 years in prison , but he is expected to be eligible for parole in 20 years ."
"one volunteer , yang hsiang , says that out of the 500 dogs she s responsible for , more than a dozen are mutes , including four that were picked up together ."
"festivities got under way early in atlanta with the peachtree road race , which draws about 55 , 000 runners and is the largest 10k in the nation ."
"typhoon mitag slammed into the northeastern philippines after killing at least six people , while a deadly storm that blew away days earlier headed back , complicating emergency preparations across the country , officials said monday ."
the ocean tides have a lot of influence on the river s currents and sometimes they are so strong that i am pushed backward .
"obama s former rival for the democratic nomination , sen . hillary clinton said in a statement that we are celebrating an historic victory for the american people ."
"whether iran proves to be responsible for that attack or not , al maliki said his country cannot be a proxy battleground for washington and tehran ."
spears also says she is having to face a lot of things as she raises her two young sons .
"in march , the satellites detected a burst of northern lights over alaska and canada ."
"it was a very stupid thing to do and i ve learned my lesson , simple as that really , he said in a september 2005 interview with britain s press association , marking his 21st birthday ."
"because of my actions , i am retiring from the sport of track and field , a sport which i deeply love , she said ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
cristiano ronaldo increased his goal tally this season to 27 in all competitions as his double against portsmouth saw manchester united return to the top of the premier league on goal difference from arsenal with a 2 0 victory .
"they know i ve been tested , he said ."
"this season s batch of ladies are displaying not so subtle signs of cattiness and ambition as they strut their stuff , size each other up and eyeball baldwin like a piece of all american man meat . they say things like , i m here to play the game ."
"undersecretary general radhika coomaraswamy told the u . n . security council this week that in addition to being pressed into service , children in several countries are also killed , maimed , abducted and raped and denied access to humanitarian groups ."
"china launched its first lunar probe wednesday , the first step in an ambitious 10 year plan to send a rover to the moon and return it to earth ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
draft likely to be reduced
"cheney , 37 , announced in december that she and her partner of 15 years , heather poe , were starting a family ."
shriver is the niece of massachusetts sen . edward kennedy and president kennedy .
"proenza is still employed by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration a parent organization of the nhc but he is currently on leave , said noaa spokesman anson franklin ."
the group offered no proof to back up its claim .
"it then travels to the brain , where it begins to feed ."
"obama on tuesday had 2 , 106 delegates , just 12 delegates shy of the 2 , 118 needed to clinch the nomination ."
"other opposition parties recently restarted their campaigns after a temporary suspension in observation of the holy month of muharram , which ended last week ."
guns n roses became guns n roses n lawyers this week .
"china s gross domestic product for the first nine months of 2008 increased by 9 . 9 percent , 2 . 3 percent lower than last year , china s state council information office said ."
political parties face off in today s by elections which are seen as a barometer of public sentiment ahead of the december presidential vote .
"it also includes a provision for jpmorgan to buy 95 million new bear stearns shares immediately , which gives it a 39 . 5 percent stake in bear before shareholders have even voted ."
the portugal winger was left dazzled before the 1 1 draw against lyon in the champions league on wednesday .
"langenhahn told police that he was stowing his gun in the cockpit of a jet preparing to land in charlotte , north carolina , last month when it accidentally fired ."
"as the story goes , princess roro anteng and her husband , joko seger , settled in the foothills of the volcano ."
"north korea is not on the verge of a nuclear test and has informed china that it could drop its plan to test a nuclear bomb if the united states accepts its call for bilateral talks , a former south korean lawmaker said yesterday ."
"they viewed it with binoculars for an hour and sketched a picture , showing a white sphere with a ring of blue and red lights ."
"monday s order comes amid a career freefall for spears , whose new album is due to be released november 13 ."
president elect barack obama announced wednesday that he is creating a new economic recovery board to provide a fresh perspective for his administration .
"musharraf imposed emergency rule in pakistan on saturday , saying the suspension of his country s constitution was made necessary by the growing threat of terrorism and out of control judicial activism ."
"u . s . authorities arrested six people wednesday on suspicion of smuggling african elephant ivory worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , law enforcement officials said ."
"iran has begun making nuclear fuel in its underground uranium enrichment plant , the international atomic watchdog said on wednesday , in a move by tehran that raises the stakes in its showdown with world powers ."
"rowling said she was especially irked that the site s owner and the lexicon s would be publisher , rdr books , continued to insist that her acceptance of free , fan based web sites justified the efforts ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the malaysian government has reversed a decision to ban a christian newspaper using the word allah to refer to god .
"more than 250 suspected islamic extremists have been arrested in spain since the madrid train bombings killed 191 people and wounded more than 1 , 800 on march 11 , 2004 , the interior ministry has told cnn ."
"a story visual development guy , not the star of the show ."
"bush s speeches wednesday and next week are the latest attempts by the white house to try to reframe the debate over iraq , as public support for the war continues to sag ."
it is not clear when the tape was made .
meant to quash any hopes protesters may have of staging anti government demonstrations during gambari s visit to yangon which has been at the center of a violent crackdown by the ruling military junta the witness said .
draft likely to be reduced
"the latest israeli airstrike targeted a rocket launching site outside jabaliya in northern gaza , killing one hamas militant and wounding three others , palestinian security sources said ."
"cnn legal analyst jeffrey toobin said , he is virtually certain to go to prison if this conviction is upheld ."
the automakers are asking for about 25 billion in loans to help them survive until 2010 .
that chapter is closed .
don t be intimidated by the prospect .
the top investigator for an alaskan legislative panel says governor sarah palin unlawfully abused her power by trying to have her former brother in law fired as a state trooper .
"more than 40 , 000 people are confirmed dead in the earthquake ."
"in 2000 chronic water shortages will affect about 40 of the world s population in about 80 countries , according to the world bank ."
"in recent years , scores of federal police have been caught working for the drug cartels , tainting what mexicans once considered their last trustworthy group of officers ."
"peter nadebaum , principal of environmental sciences and engineering consultants , cmps f , said developed countries have adequate environmental laws and policies , whereas underdeveloped countries feel they just cannot afford them ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
no longer must family and friends take their best guesses and wait .
"coast guard vessels from portsmouth , virginia , and elizabeth city , north carolina , as well as police and fire units from virginia beach , responded to the scene , evanson said ."
"msci s main world stock index was up nearly half a percent , having fallen 7 . 3 percent from lifetime highs hit only a month ago ."
"google , the world s primary internet search engine , is likely to face a damages suit in south korea in connection with its context based online advertisements , dubbed adsense ."
hiroshi aida said the plant could not reopen until its safety had been verified .
"for example , a game called jewel diver has players keep track of underwater jewels that pop up on the screen for a moment before they are hidden under fish swimming around ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
it happened when ohio sen . william saxbe was named president nixon s attorney general in 1974 and again when texas sen . lloyd bentsen became president clinton s treasury secretary in 1993 .
"vitamin d , however , requires processing ."
"the poll also suggests that debate watchers favorable opinion of obama rose slightly during the debate , from 63 percent at the start to 66 percent at the end ."
"musa qala on thursday was overrun by an estimated 200 taliban fighters who disarmed local police , ransacked the district center and hoisted their trademark white flag ."
"the comet is exploding and its coma , a cloud of gas and dust illuminated by the sun , has grown to be bigger than the planet jupiter ."
rare monkeys spotted in vietnam
"also , more people start dying because of malnutrition , disease , heat waves , floods and droughts all caused by global warming ."
"according to one audience member , there was no booing after the outburst , but people left the concert venue hurriedly ."
"the bombardment near the arab jabour area on the southern outskirts of baghdad is part of a new countrywide push against insurgents called operation phantom phoenix , the military said ."
cnn vote counting has begun across the u . s . on one of the key dates in the race to become the next u . s . president with projected wins for each of the major runners .
an older farmer may be working the land or growing livestock the same way he s done it for 30 years .
its light makes life on earth possible .
"mohammed walked more than 6 miles out of nasiriyah , through what marines have nicknamed ambush alley , to reach a u . s . military checkpoint ."
"the gangwon province resort town lost by a small margin , 51 47 , to sochi in the final round of ioc voting ."
"with restive tibetan areas swarming with troops and closed to scrutiny from the outside world , china s government has turned up efforts to put its own version of the unrest before the international public ."
the us church attracted the ire of conservative anglicans by appointing gay bishop gene robinson in 2003 .
"the suspect , robert flores garcia , was arrested monday morning at his home on tenerife island in spain s canary islands ."
the current loya jirga process began in december of last year .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the company unveiled the plans at its annual shareholders meeting in new orleans .
"the supreme prosecutors office indicted the bank and its majority shareholder , lsf keb holdings sca , for violating stock trading laws ."
they seized financial documents to investigate the sale of the bank to the u . s . based investment fund lone star in 2003 .
the average keen american jogger runs 20 miles 32km a week .
shorter teenagers ducked around their shopping elders all hellbent on getting a piece of clothing designed by supermodel kate moss .
"he said that the left winglet of the plane had been damaged , but that engineers would remove the winglets ahead of the postponed flight ."
"before the statement by johndroe , gnp leaders said that they had not heard about any change in the proposed meeting ."
"the bomb exploded near the outer wall of the mosque in downtown dera ismail khan as worshippers were leaving after evening prayers , said abdul ghafoor , a local police officer . the blast shattered the mosque s front wall and damaged its dome ."
"among those injured sunday was francisco itarte , a san fermin bull herder and one of several men charged with trying to keep the runs as orderly as possible ."
"it is an extreme shock to this community , rodriguez told radio station knx am ."
david beckham will finally make his milestone 100th international appearance for england in wednesday s prestige friendly against france in paris .
"money worries rob workers of sleep , study shows"
we were lucky .
korea to double african aid by . . .
sources close to the transition have said obama is interested in some continuity at the pentagon because he is entering office while dealing with two wars in iraq and afghanistan as well as the international financial crisis .
he also sampled stinky tofu in china and fermented shark in iceland .
"thousands of homes and business still had no electricity in parts of oklahoma , kansas and missouri ."
"communist china is cracking down on poor food safety amid a string of scares over toothpaste , pet foods , and other goods ."
"under the plan , about 20 , 000 army and marine corps frontline combat units are scheduled to begin deploying late this year and into 2008 ."
"warmer weather also boosts tourism , a source of big development hopes for the 56 , 000 mostly inuit inhabitants of greenland , which is a self governing territory of denmark ."
"federer won the last 10 games , ended it with a serve and volley as santoro edged in almost to the service box , then clambered over the net to embrace the frenchman ."
"starbucks has seen rising competition from privately held dunkin donuts and mcdonalds recently , and welcomed founder schultz back as ceo in january after a lackluster performance by the company in the latter half of 2007 ."
"we managed to pluck him out of the water , after he d been in there for quite a long time and moments later , my ship , the hmcs toronto , picked up another survivor , currently down in sick bay receiving medical care from our doctor aboard , allan said ."
"one of chalfie s first experiments , the foundation said , involved using gfp to color individual cells in a transparent roundworm ."
"the concern over the supply crunch and speculative buyers drove prices way up , according to analysts ."
"finance ministers of argentina , bolivia , brazil , ecuador , paraguay , uruguay and venezuela will sit on the bank s board ."
"a 40 year old man , only identified by his surname ahn , allegedly attacked a 52 year old acquaintance of his with a screwdriver , after watching a nationally televised press conference wednesday , in which lee hoi chang announced he is running for the presidency ."
"scorsese was chosen as filmmaker of the year by his peers , his first win at the guild awards after six previous nominations ."
"on the descent of the aircraft , it just seemed like it was coming in too quick , royal australian air force leading aircraftsman kyle quinlan told australian broadcasting corp . there was no warning , nothing came over the speakers ."
police spokesman mickey rosenfeld said the attacker opened fire on innocent youngsters studying . a number of students have been killed .
"they say there was no spill , but that everyone who was within a one mile radius has been evacuated as a precaution ."
"harare , zimbabwe cnn zimbabwean government forces thursday began cracking down on the main opposition party , raising fears of a political crisis , according to witnesses and an opposition spokesman ."
"clinton , who is 58 , had fluid and scar tissue removed under general anesthetic ."
"ron wood , one of the boy s public defenders , said before a gag order was issued that the defense is treating the boy s case like any other first degree murder case ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the drugs were hidden in luggage on international commercial flights from the dominican republic to jfk , the complaint alleges ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"madeleine s parents , kate and gerry mccann , have campaigned internationally for the safe return of their daughter , including having a meeting with pope benedict xvi and securing support from soccer star david beckham ."
"from the very beginning , i entered the competition with high hopes and an unswerving determination to make this dream a reality , she said in a pre competition interview ."
the syrian and iranian backed opposition has suggested it might form a rival government .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
two police officers were wounded in the blast .
"indonesia was the worst hit country in the indian ocean tsunami of december 2004 , which killed more than 160 , 000 people in aceh province ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"thousands of tourists , many from britain , visit the battlefields every year ."
the ship and its 1500 passengers is continuing its planned voyage .
this material may not be published .
"chung and his son will provide a combined 60 percent stake or 22 . 5 million shares to the logistics subsidiary to a social welfare fund , hyundai motor vice chairman lee jeon kap said yesterday during a press conference ."
the third most watched sports event after the world cup and summer olympics
"a draft copy of the report concludes that the world s climate can be stabilized at a reasonable cost , as long as nations act now ."
he is now being treated at home in the northern city of modena surrounded by family and friends .
"up to the point where iran stops its nuclear program , he said ."
"the visit came at the request of north korean officials , to discuss the modalities for verification and monitoring of the shutdown of the yongbyon nuclear facility , the statement added ."
"the sabhnanis spent nearly three months in jail until a judge approved a bail package that required them to post 4 . 5 million and pay an estimated 10 , 000 a day for security monitoring while they were kept under house arrest ."
"the asahi shimbun reported on friday that yu might visit japanese foreign minister masahiko komura to convey seoul s apology , but the meeting did not take place ."
"specimens were never collected from one of the brothers who died , and many of those who tested positive experienced only mild symptoms and were not hospitalized , hartl said ."
both sides have agreed on the creation of an independent committee to investigate irregularities in the election and suggest reforms .
"if you re looking for privacy first and foremost , the communal feeling might be off putting ."
and he addressed concerns about the threat to national security that comes with the release of the detainees
"last year , they were down 3 games to 1 to the indians , only to rally and eventually take the world title ."
the other oscar nominations went to clint eastwood for the world war ii epic letters from iwo jima and paul greengrass for the september 11 docudrama united 93 .
the newly released documents also carry an account by a u . s . air force pilot who says he was told to shoot down an unidentified flying craft over eastern england .
"her parents said she disappeared from their hotel room at a resort in praia da luz , portugal , while they dined in a nearby restaurant ."
"columns of smoke rose over gaza city , while israeli tanks cruised along the edges of gaza ."
"the auction wednesday also featured other diamonds , colored stones and gems from the world s leading jewelers ."
love don t live here anymore
"the rocket will carry 21 tons of cargo to the space station , according arianespace , the commercial arm of the 13 country european space agency ."
"and , now , he is starting to make a name for himself outside korea and japan ."
"the name of the 40 year old french man , who reported the bodies to the police after coming back from vacation , was not disclosed ."
"icann has previously turned down requests for . xxx , which would be used by adult sites , over fear of seeming to give approval of pornography sites ."
flying with the flu ?
"visitors can climb the 40 foot lighthouse for a bird s eye view of the butterflies journey across lake michigan , or observe them resting in the surrounding cedar trees ."
"she was married previously it was the second marriage for cage , speaking at the end of an economic forum designed to reassure americans that he s paying attention to the economy , said that he is confident the u . s . economy is on the mend ."
deutsche bahn said two thirds of long distance high speed trains were operating along with 50 percent of regional services .
"normally , drought conditions happen during hot summer weather ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"cohen said he purchased it from angola s national diamond company two years ago , and knew immediately he had found something special ."
"treasury department blacklisted the banco delta asia bank in macau in september 2005 , accusing it of aiding the north s illegal financial activities , such as counterfeiting and money laundering ."
"kim denied the allegations of bribery , claiming the money was for purchasing office appliances ."
"in the message , bin laden calls on his followers to be loyal to the islamic nation , not to individual leaders , groups , tribes or countries ."
it is only the second country after the united states to check foreigners in this way .
"the new orleans native faces that reality as he sits on death row at louisiana s maximum security prison , the largest prison in the nation ."
"motor vessel patriot , a maltese flagged , german owned vessel , was successfully pirated about 150 nautical miles southeast of muqalla , in yemen , in the gulf of aden ."
the audience responded with applause .
"since their deaths , al fayed has accused the british royal family of conspiring to cause the crash , alleging that diana was pregnant with fayed s child at the time of the crash ."
"the labor department says employers cut another 524 , 000 jobs last month , a bit less than economist expected , but the unemployment rate jumped from 6 . 7 in november to 7 . 2 in december , the highest in almost 16 years ."
and received the white house s u . s . backing for the one day visit .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
sopranos actor acquitted in cop killing
"robert redford s sundance asked several directors to create short films they thought people would want to watch on their mobile . and , just as importantly , want to share with the friends ."
"nice , france the windsor"
"then all of a sudden , we saw the canopy of the jet explode and go up , and then we saw the pilot blast out of the plane and the parachute open , lerner said ."
"indeed he is , john , he is en route to new york right now to pay tribute to vets in a speech from the deck of an aircraft carrier that would be the uss intrepid , a world war ii era ship that s now a floating museum , john ?"
"however , the exact amount of money was not revealed ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"millan and his two bodyguards , leobardo plata hernandez and daniel de la vega hernandez , came under fire in the street in colonia guerrero , in mexico city , about 2 30 a . m . , the department said ."
"then , he said , senior commander general david petraeus would have all the time he needs to assess the next step ."
"the 38 year old supermodel was charged when she reported to heathrow police station to answer bail over the april 3 fracas , lawyer simon nicholls said ."
the two front runners in the race for the democratic presidential nomination traded jabs wednesday over remarks made by a hollywood mogul and a powerful south carolina lawmaker .
one of the features of the 1978 world cup was the ticker tape which cascaded from the sky whenever the hosts played .
"the national association of realtors that monday said sales of existing homes rose 2 . 9 percent in february , the first gain since last july ."
"the dalai lama , who threatened tuesday to resign as leader of tibet s government in exile if the violence got out of control , met wednesday with leaders of several tibetan activist groups ."
australian scientists have warned that the reassuring smell of a new car actually contains high levels of toxic air emissions that can make drivers ill .
obama even announced sen . joe biden as his choice for vice president in a text message to supporters .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"i think it s appropriate for us to convey australia s concern to our counterparts and that s what we ve done , ellison told the abc ."
informed by ukraine that it was diverting some of the gas that passes through the country on its way from russia to europe to make up for the reduction .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn two suspects arrested last week confessed to a pakistani judge wednesday that they helped arm the suicide bomber blamed for assassinating benazir bhutto , an interior ministry spokesman told cnn ."
but last fall the melanoma was back .
"when adler tried to intercede , a male member of the group punched him , she said ."
members sign up to make at least one barrel of wine per year 300 75 milliliter bottles and decide what style of wine they want and what grapes they want to buy from numerous suppliers available .
"lawmakers from the dpp accuse opposition speaker wang jin pyng of abusing his position , saying he is delaying the annual budget by insisting the electoral bill is passed first ."
"revising the constitution , but the democrats have been saying that people s everyday lives should come first . i think those policies should be prioritized , said hirofumi nemoto , 48 , a newspaper seller in chiba , who said he voted for the democratic party ."
"japan is likely to offer temporary protection to four people believed to have fled north korea who are seeking asylum in the south after they arrived by boat at a japanese port , japanese officials said on sunday ."
"there are many differences between the wars we fought in the far east and the war on terror we are fighting today , bush said . but one important similarity is that at their core , they are all ideological struggles ."
"the president will lift the emergency to restore the constitution and the fundamental rights , he said ."
an albanian bodyguard who accompanied bush in the town told the associated press
they didn t need to speak .
"but bush says at least now , barack obama won t face a major catastrophe as he assumes office ."
more than 90 percent of people in greece belong to the greek orthodox church .
"earlier this week , the u . s . treasury department ended its investigation into the small macau lender and said that ties would be cut with the bank and the u . s . financial system ."
"of course , no one knows for certain how his health will play out in the coming months , but he continues to say that he , he hopes to return to congress when the new session begins in january ."
putin had left by the time the result was announced .
"it s got a full suite of photos , press releases and videos under the banner change has come to america ."
"announcing the agreement at the ceremony , abbas aide nabil amr read a letter in which abbas designated prime minister ismail haniyeh , of hamas , to draw up the new government according to the formula agreed on in the talks within five weeks ."
"barrasso says the green push will be costly to the american people , and leave the country more dependent on foreign oil ."
"gibson and principal , who live in in different areas of malibu , were both evacuated early monday morning ."
she has paired them with a simple black sweater and added a dash of glitz with a crystal and gold cocktail ring from barneys .
"the interest in hill may also stem from the fact that he speaks every morning and evening to the media , while his north korean counterpart , kim kye gwan , gives only the occasional chaotic news conference ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"whether or not the secretary s idea has merit , at least he s trying ."
"martin scorsese won the top honor saturday from the directors guild of america for his mob saga the departed , moving him a step closer to finally receiving hollywood s biggest filmmaking prize at the academy awards ."
local authorities said they were thankful the death toll was so low .
"he saw the oil paintings of his water garden as a cumulative work in progress , and rarely sold them ."
draft likely to be reduced
"although , he said , there s not much the u . s . can really do , given the fact that the iranians are in iran and will not be extradited by the authorities ."
the last message purported to be from bin laden was an audiotape broadcast last month on the arabic language satellite television network al jazeera .
their mandate in iraq under national assembly legislation ends in three months . the troops left korea on aug .
president george w . bush is bidding farewell to the white house press corps this morning in a wide ranging news conference .
initial reports indicate construction workers nearby may have accidentally severed a natural gas line .
"sanaa , yemen cnn a housing complex used by foreigners in yemen s capital came under attack late sunday , with explosives shattering windows but causing no injuries , u . s . and yemeni officials said ."
"there are additional expenses , such as parking at the train station in denver and lift tickets for skiers ."
"he s got a prime time news conference this evening , and he started out today by talking about swine flu and the new democratic senator who could help him get a health care plan through congress ."
"banco delta asia bda , a macanese bank , had frozen the funds after it was accused by the treasury in september 2005 of laundering money for pyongyang and abetting the communist regime s illicit financial activities ."
researchers chose to study alaska after a political debate over the most recent alcohol tax increase in the last frontier state .
"cho , a south korean national , was a legal resident of the united states , emigrating from his native country when he was 8 , according to the department of homeland security ."
minister kyaw hsan told the un envoy ibrahim gambari that burma would not accept interference in its sovereignty .
"an australian coroner ruled friday there was enough evidence to put gabe watson on trial for the death of tina watson , who was 26 when she drowned in october 2003 while diving around a historic shipwreck in australia s great barrier reef ."
"details of the new effort , which were first reported by the associated press , will be announced tuesday , the spokeswoman , tracey connell , said ."
"president elect barack obama could reverse some of president bush s most controversial executive orders , including restrictions on embryonic stem cell research , shortly after taking office in january ."
"in one game , orangutans choose identical photographs or match orangutan sounds with photos of the animals correct answers are rewarded with food pellets ."
the government has already estimated damage from the storm the worst in 50 years at more than 7 billion .
"but the financial times quoted us officials as saying the chinese army made the attack , which crashed part of a system for the defense secretary s office ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"it looks to me that the agreement is coming together , bush said , adding that russian president vladimir putin should welcome nato as a group of nations dedicated to peace ."
hasbro owns the rights to the game in the u . s . and canada .
"visiting tokyo with his son a few years ago , producer j . j . abrams was struck by the omnipresence of godzilla in toy stores half a century after the giant reptile first terrorized japan ."
alison krauss and robert plant put out a critically acclaimed album together .
"security is fundamental , he said . no agreement and no palestinian state will be born of terror ."
"other states have sold desks , police cruisers , and armored personnel carriers ."
"in addition , the palestinian sources said nine palestinians were injured , including two journalists ."
"it s like the nuclear explosion , said dr . irwin goldstein , director of sexual medicine at alvarado hospital in san diego , california . it created sexual medicine . it allowed the taboo to be broken ."
"the kitty hawk , with sailors lining its decks , pulled away from yokosuka port just south of tokyo to the cheers of hundreds of schoolchildren and the sounds of brass bands ."
england almost regained their advantage in the 32nd minute when a free kick from david beckham was headed just wide by alan smith .
"it also highlights alleged labour rights violations , such as forced overtime , workers being instructed to lie about wages and conditions to outside inspectors and poor health and safety conditions ."
"will you own a personal computer for the rest of your life ? maybe it s too late to stop needing computers , but is it necessary to actually own one now that they re so ubiquitous ?"
"he also went close in the 42nd with a curling free kick that forced julio into a leaping save , but was shown a yellow card in the 62nd for a late tackle ."
"he s not gonna change when it comes to taking on the enemy , bush said of the senator from arizona ."
topbas said that the building was listed as among those that needed to be demolished because their ability to withstand a strong earthquake was questionable .
"the island s government rejects those charges , saying it respects human rights more than most nations by offering a wide social safety net that includes free health care ."
"zadroga s father , joseph zadroga , said his son also suffered from sarcoidosis and that he and others should be added to the list of victims ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"as ever , though , most eyes were on woods ."
drinking a moderate amount of any alcoholic beverage
"especially now , it s a very important time for hyundai , yun tae sik , an auto analyst at nh investment securities , said friday , citing hyundai s constant labor troubles , sluggish sales and pricing competition from japanese automakers ."
sen . john mccain on tuesday urged all americans to join him in congratulating sen . barack obama on his projected victory in the presidential election .
"strandings are not uncommon in tasmania , where the whales pass by on their migration to and from antarctic waters ."
"suffice it to say that eating peanut butter or peanuts has been associated with lower total cholesterol , lower ldl or bad cholesterol , and lower triglycerides , all of which are associated with lower cardiovascular disease risk , says richard mattes , ph . d . , r . d . , a professor of nutrition at purdue university ."
"just five countries china , iran , saudi arabia , pakistan and the us were responsible for 88 of known executions in the world , amnesty said ."
the incident occurred about 8 a . m . near mirwais nika girls high school in the meir weis mena district .
"one side is that he has suffered amnesia , but the other side is that some criminal case has occurred , he said ."
"i realized my family , my two dad family was going to look different than i thought it was going to look , he said ."
"it s likely to happen , a second source close to the transition said of gates staying on ."
"for the boeing 787 dreamliner , ilfc chief executive steven udvar hazy told reporters ."
"what the pope meant to say was that in god s eyes , a person is born either man or woman ."
"president elect barack obama , citing the need for tighter oversight of the nation s financial markets , on thursday named veteran regulator mary schapiro as his choice to head the securities and exchange commission ."
siddiqi said the taliban were holding the remaining korean hostages in three different locations .
"the recall was among the largest in recent months involving chinese products , which have come under scrutiny worldwide for containing potentially dangerous high levels of chemicals and toxins ."
no violent incidents were reported .
"already scarce staple foods , gasoline and many basics have disappeared from shelves because store owners say they can t afford to sell at the new low prices ."
china s military is the world s largest and has been criticized abroad for not being open about its spending .
"the 30 year old former porto , chelsea and atletico madrid player has made 47 appearances for his country and played a central role in portugal s run to the euro 2004 final and the 2006 world cup semifinals ."
zoellick proposed an action plan to boost long run agricultural production .
troops armed with hard rubber clubs were patrolling the center of the georgian capital to enforce the state of emergency .
"the data came from the world bank , the organization for economic cooperation and development , the world trade organization and the united nations ."
a ministry official said the decision to oppose the un stance was aimed at protecting the research of south korean geneticists in areas that could serve therapeutic purposes .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
from there he obtained sponsorship for his next project
"passengers expecting to fly out of heathrow were warned to contact their airline before traveling to the airport , just west of london ."
"meanwhile , prosecutors are now threatening the foreign media saying thursday they will consider filing a suit against the financial times for having described them as witch hunters fanning anti foreign capital sentiment ."
"the statement from north korea s official news agency marked the third straight day of bellicose rhetoric from the north , which is angry over the harsher line the south s new president has taken against the country since assuming office last month ."
"but , he added , soul men is a worthy last film for the comedian ."
"iran is a place of unlimited potential . . . and it has the right to be free of tyranny , cheney said ."
"in a cnn time opinion research corporation survey released wednesday , 53 percent of likely voters questioned say obama is their choice for president , with 45 percent backing sen . john mccain ."
"or it can be used as a modular pc that connects to a full size keyboard , mouse and monitor to replace a desktop pc ."
it can hijack computers even without users noticing .
taipei ap pipi s eyes bulge fiercely when strangers approach the chihuahua dog in the cramped clothing store where her owner works .
"the court , newly filled with musharraf allies , sided with him on the final legal challenge to his candidacy ."
a leading afghan human rights group is investigating reported use of highly flammable white phosphorus in a recent battle involving us and afghan troops and taliban forces .
"two toddlers who wandered away from home while their teenage baby sitter slept accidentally drowned in a nearby pond in northwestern pennsylvania , officials said ."
police said the stolen jewels are worth an estimated 3 . 5 million euros 4 . 5 million in total .
"the government said 10 people died during the crackdown , but diplomats believe the toll was much higher ."
"it added , the united states has also identified several new al qaeda compounds in north waziristan , including one that officials said might be training operatives for strikes against targets beyond afghanistan ."
"amazon . com founder and ceo jeff bezos has taken a special liking to the invention , featuring it on amazon s web site ."
more trains were running and there were fewer traffic jams thursday after the french government proposed negotiating with transport unions striking over pension reforms .
"aboriginal communities , for instance , would receive long distance education , or maybe they would request medicines , air or river ambulance service , medical checkups , among other options ."
"disgruntled and downright ticked off , some blamed the band ."
"dida was struck by a lit flare while playing in a champions league quarter final for ac milan versus city rivals internazionale , suffering first degree burns to his shoulder ."
"oh my god , said rodgers , a senior at successtech academy near downtown cleveland ."
the commission said it would maintain political neutrality and independence in issuing the ruling .
his execution marked the first time china has imposed a death sentence on an official of his rank since 2000 .
"it would average about 50 miles per gallon , he told ap ."
"even before the show reached its stirring finale , the invitation only audience was on its feet and cheering the performers ."
lego is something that almost everyone has played with at some point in their lives .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"after a day or two , the women will take away the bill and pay it ."
"strong bones , bouloux quips to his numb patient ."
"china is the host of the six party talks aimed at ending north korea s nuclear program , along with russia , south korea , japan and the u . s ."
"the report said sarkozy gave a heart shaped , pink diamond ring to bruni as a sign of their engagement in december , less than a month after they met ."
china has seriously harmed the identity of south koreans .
"iran is shiite , and we are shiite and we have many shiites in iraq , but this does not justify iran interfering in iraq ."
"according to the u . s . geological survey , the quake was centered 100 kilometers 62 miles east of jakarta , at a depth of 289 kilometers 180 miles . it occurred about 32 kilometers 20 miles from shore ."
"from the beginning , pope benedict decided he was going to address that . this personal contact for him was something pretty important ."
"jodi furman in florida says if you can t make more money , then you can spend less"
"what this conversion allows me to do is get energy through an electric wall outlet , so the wall outlet is like my electric gas tank , she said ."
"the whole concept of social warmth is learned in infancy , williams said ."
"dinner for two 40 , a pocket size wine bar from the owners of rathbun s next door"
"sarkozy has hardened france s stance on iran in recent months , shifting closer to the united states in his insistence on tough u . n . security council sanctions and even his mention of the possibility of war ."
"south korean media have reported that the somali pirates were demanding between 700 , 000 and 1 million 494 , 000 and 705 , 000 in ransom ."
he did not identify which entrance had the security device .
"if obama wins texas and ohio , it s game over , said cnn senior political analyst bill schneider ."
"meanwhile , the country s attorney general called for a recount and independent investigation into the december 27 election in which incumbent president mwai kibaki was declared the victor over opposition candidate raila odinga ."
"we want to put a thousand astronaut teachers into american schools within the next decade , wright added ."
the downpour has been thrashing the country for three months .
"dr . jose luchsinger of the columbia university medical center in new york , who studies the connection between obesity and alzheimer s disease but didn t participate in the new work , cautioned that such a study cannot prove abdominal fat promotes dementia ."
"while airbus is likely to be buoyed by delays to boeing s rival creation a jet promising faster , more environmentally friendly flights orders for the 787 dreamliner aircraft are now in excess of 710 from 51 customers ."
"i totally refute it as a blatant lie , said lord paul condon , who headed london s metropolitan police from 1993 through 1999 ."
bush s letter indicated six party talks aimed at denuclearization of the korean peninsula were at a critical juncture .
"who are opting to become fathers alone , with the help of gestational surrogacy ."
"the body of andrew veal , a 25 year old public opinion researcher from athens , georgia , was found on saturday and ruled a suicide by the new york city medical examiner s office ."
"it came at a time of fewer flights , higher ticket prices , new fees and fewer passengers ."
the nyongbyong reactor is capable of producing weapons grade plutonium .
"he and his brother michael arrived with their parents and a sister and were greeted by their grandparents , who went to israel six years ago ."
north korea s chief negotiator kim kye gwan made no comment as he arrived at beijing s airport .
and malcolm mcdowell as tv show villain dr . calico .
"the united states also wants the deal to address japan s questions about north korea s alleged abductions of more than a dozen japanese citizens in the 1970s and 1980s , officials said ."
"khawaja mohammad siddiqi , the district governor of qara bagh , told cnn the executed hostage had been very ill and could not be moved to hospital ."
critics note much remains to be determined about how the bank will operate and say it might turn out to be a largely symbolic project used by chavez to spread his oil financed influence .
"the mayor of mexico city is announcing another death from swine flu , but says the outbreak may be tapering off there"
it s mommy underneath this big mask .
draft likely to be reduced
"they lived in exile in saudi arabia , where many of the family remain ."
tsien was born in new york and received a ph . d . in physiology from cambridge university in 1977 .
details of the program for obese middle schoolers have yet to be finalized .
"mrs clinton was in defiant mood at a meeting in york , saying"
fisher price and the commission issued statements saying parents should keep suspect toys away from children and contact the company .
but he insisted that the coalition could still win the election .
"he found that by taking two materials with different optical properties one being a semi conducting glass and one being a polymer and stacking these two up in very tight and ultra thin layers , around 1 micron each 1 1000 of a millimeter , they create an omni reflector ."
"the state backed kribb spent 7 . 8 billion won to build the facility on a 33 , 000 pyong 108 , 900 square meters area ."
"venezuelan president hugo chavez echoed this sentiment sunday on the sidelines of the summit , saying the empire of the dollar has to end ."
"london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown has said he does not plan to boycott august s olympic opening ceremonies in beijing or the torch relay in london this weekend ."
currently the dow is up 37 points .
"a senior u . s . official familiar with the incident told cnn , it was a mistake ordered by a low level commander , the official said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"football fans had been gathering all day in the austrian capital with around 70 , 000 watching the eagerly anticipated match on giant screens in the fanzone area in the center of the city in addition to a 50 , 000 capacity crowd at the ernst happel stadium ."
it was launched in december 2006 but almost immediately lost power and cannot be controlled .
"there was what appears to be some form of attack during the night hours here in california and into the morning , said john crain , chief technical officer for the internet corporation for assigned names and numbers ."
"richard hui , 9 , takes another view"
his appointment to government had marked a comeback to national politics after a period in the wilderness that followed his conviction .
"luis eladio perez , who was held by farc for seven years before his february release , said he believes a path toward a negotiated solution could be opened for the release of hostages , estimated to number 750 ."
"now he has a salaried staff , five games in development and two coming out by christmas , including a spinoff to trism called trismology ."
"hamilton , elevated to pole , led every lap and celebrated his third win in 11 races to go seven points clear of his disgruntled team mate ."
"fearing he might be arrested if he stepped off the plane , sharif refused to hand over his passport and calmly sat in his airline seat , surrounded by a crush of aides , reporters , and others ."
"new zealand fishermen netted a 1 , 100 pound , 33 foot long squid in the southern ocean in february ."
the refining industry overall represented more than 14 of the global 500 s 21 trillion in total revenue .
"the palestinian territories , hong kong and taiwan which competes as chinese taipei are among those that benefit ."
seoul national university snu president chung un chan on monday urged the government to reconsider its ban on the high school ranking system .
"later in the evening , a communications failure between multiple onboard computers put all the science instruments , including the main science computer , into safe mode ."
"and the north korean leader used the occasion to quash speculation that he was suffering from ill health saying south korean media reported that i have diabetes and even heart disease , but the fact is that is not the case at all ."
"spots of blood were clearly visible on the floor , and shards of broken glass ."
"in promotional photos , the 65 year old ford appears fit as ever ."
"but amid this squalor , that has been turned into a classy hotel for the desperately poor ."
"ordinary automobile license plates issued to drivers here and even most other vanity series plates carry both arabic and western numerals and script , defining the issuing city and country ."
"myra lopez , the associated press with ap news minute ."
"jonathan atkins , of the governors highway safety association ."
"we see the last stand only when somebody has 1 , 191 delegates , huckabee said tuesday ."
"nothing will be signed after the 20th of october . if that is the date on the envelope , it s gonna be tossed ."
"military in cabo , says the attacks hurt ordinary working people in pakistan"
"burger king , outback steakhouse and taco bell were among other restaurants voluntarily withdrawing tomatoes from their menus , following federal recommendations that consumers avoid red plum , red roma or round red tomatoes unless they were grown in certain states and countries ."
why some women s groups are miffed at obama
"under current regulations , children s products found to have more than . 06 percent lead accessible to users are subject to a recall ."
"u . s . assistant secretary for population , refugees , and migration ellen sauerbrey said that iraqis referred to the united states from unhcr and other countries for possible resettlement in the united states would go through rigorous security checks and health screening before being allowed to migrate ."
"according to police , kim allegedly ordered his bodyguards to strike at least six employees of a bar in pukchang dong , downtown seoul , march 8 , after his second son , dong won , got into a fight with one of them at another bar in chongdam dong , southern seoul ."
another important aspect to aging beautifully is sleep !
"in bangkok , thailand , students told cnn the chinese embassy there provided their transportation and gave them shirts to wear ."
environmental legislation comes at a high cost to countries which are trying to survive economically .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
japan is the most threatened country to korea .
"on tuesday , general motors said it would close four truck and suv plants in the u . s . , canada and mexico as surging fuel prices hasten a dramatic shift to smaller vehicles ."
"bacon , the prolific actor , and his wife , fellow screen star kyra sedgwick , had investments with madoff , the financial guru accused of swindling his clients out of 50 billion in a massive ponzi scheme , bacon s publicist told cnn tuesday ."
"it is one of the revolutionary steps in sexual health , said dr . ira sharlip , spokesman for the american urological association . it ranks with the changes in cultural attitudes about sexuality that were started by sigmund freud , continued by william masters and virginia johnson , the two researchers in the 60s , and the work that alfred kinsey did in the 40s ."
"he said the case will be presented to the district attorney s office where the actress could face more charges , including felonies ."
bhutto was rushed to rawalpindi general hospital less than two miles from the bombing scene where doctors pronounced her dead .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
draft likely to be reduced
"it ll save me a million bucks , francis said tuesday ."
"permissiveness seems to be a component , he said . a potential antidote would be more authoritative parenting . less indulgence might be called for ."
"we re still one game away so we get that game , you know , believe , you know , we ll be happy , city will be happy ."
his visit is the first by a chinese defense minister in over nine years .
"the labor department reports they plunged another 1 . 7 percent last month , a record for the 61 years the government has been tracking the numbers ."
"a federal court in manhattan friday issued a temporary order freezing madoff s assets and appointing a receiver over him and his firm , his global securities broker company , bernard l . madoff investment securities bmis ."
"as well as launching a revolution in biology , his idea irrevocably shook the human race s conception of where they come from ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
draft likely to be reduced
"it s hard , but it s also beautiful , ali said thursday , sitting in his small plastic tent on the roadside at mina , the ancient spot in the desert outside mecca where for the second day more than 3 million pilgrims stoned symbols of the devil ."
"with the summer olympic games fast approaching , the spanish olympic committee stirred the lyric writing impulses of spaniards by sponsoring a competition to provide words for the anthem ."
"of course i hope for a little luck and that this injury only keeps me out of action for a few months , like eight weeks or so , van nistelrooy said from dr . steadman s clinic in colorado on wednesday ."
"the united states may propose a renegotiation in the labor and environment sectors following consultations between the u . s . administration and congress , foreign minister song min soon told a parliamentary committee ."
"he has been considered a big prospect since turning pro in 2006 , and has attracted the attention of players such as tiger woods and ryder cup captain paul azinger ."
"the movie , which is still in production , co stars rosario dawson and is directed by the pursuit of happyness filmmaker gabriele muccino ."
the violence in sudan s darfur region had worsend .
pope benedict says he wants to inspire hope in the world .
nasa appointed an independent commission to investigate .
"we have thoroughly considered the concerns of the european industry that they have about job losses , he said ."
she also says it fails to include any of the commentary and discussion that enrich the web site and calls it nothing more than a rearrangement of her own material .
flying with the flu ?
boeing spokesman john dern said the aircraft maker had no plans to re enter the business and was leaving such services to others .
the report notes the defense department expects to use fewer support troops than in the past .
"after the year i ve had and the whole team has had , to be crowned sports personality of the year , it just means so much ."
"but anecdotally , said stephen musso , executive vice president of the aspca , that s what we hear from shelter after shelter big , black dogs just don t get adopted ."
"the suspect will appear monday at sebokeng magistrate court , a court for family violence , child protection and sexual offenses , dlamini said ."
"out of more than 600 eucalyptus species in australia , koalas will only eat the leaves of about 25 , hume said ."
"it s been 10 months since the last worst air accident in brazilian history and now we ve had an accident worse than that , said david fleischer , a political scientist at the university of brasilia . if you look at what s happened since september , the answer is nothing ."
harry redknapp had been first choice for newcastle owner mike ashley and chairman chris mort but he last week opted to stay at portsmouth .
"miliband has just adopted a baby son and is taking time off to look after him , the british foreign office confirmed to cnn ."
"hwang looks to start with animal cloning experiments but he may work on human stem cell research later , said lee , also hwang s high school junior ."
"in the uk , its finance secretary , chancellor alistair darling is to make an announcement widely expected to be rescue measures for the country s battered banks before markets open in europe wednesday ."
"the turkish military , with its mightiness , could not annihilate them or arrest them , so how could we arrest them and hand them to turkey ?"
should the insurgents be willing to hand over their weapons and accept the constitutions of both countries ?
"it was the latest brush with humans for the 1 year old sea lion , called astro by staffers at the marin headlands based marine mammal center ."
richie must complete her jail time by september 28 .
"nowak has said she went to the airport solely to talk to shipman , who had been dating nowak s former love interest , navy cmdr . bill oefelein , who was also an astronaut ."
"the arrays will provide power equivalent to the power used by 40 typical u . s . homes , according to nasa . three spacewalks are planned , with room for an additional walk if spacewalkers run into difficulties ."
"athens , greece cnn greek authorities rescued 278 passengers and 35 crew members thursday after a cruise ship ran aground near the island of poros , said greece s ministry of merchant marine ."
"however , the diet is being increasingly shunned by people who live in the med as the convenience of fast food gains popularity ."
"strong exports are also expected to boost the trade surplus to 25 billion this year , up 10 billion over last year ."
and de jesus says that means him .
"the british pound rose to 2 . 0597 from 2 . 0497 in new york , while the dollar rose to purchase 110 . 42 japanese yen from 109 . 85 ."
"entertainer of the year is the cma s top award and is influenced by tour success as well as by album sales , hit songs and other achievements ."
"it was really the first time that we have this kind of position of the arm , cotte said , and after leonardo da vinci , thousands of painters have made a copy of this position but without understanding why we have this position ."
"as the camera rolls , and with his wife by his side , craig ewert then closes his eyes and dies ."
"the central government still waits for the 14th dalai lama to give up his independence demand and end his exile life and return home , xinhua quoted the article in china s tibet magazine as saying ."
"this year is going to be a very important and crucial year , important year for afghanistan people and government ."
"even for a halfhearted hiker , it is inspiring almost any walk can end with the chance to swim in a river pool beneath a sparkling cascade ."
"you ve got to realize there is not one perfect school for anyone , says kim johnston , the director of admissions at the university of maine , and the incoming president of the nacac ."
"attorney luc de temmerman told belga news agency his client would probably not appeal , in light of the sentence ."
"the drug trade , economic development and the fate of 21 remaining south korean hostages held by the taliban are also likely to be high on the agenda ."
"his comments came as islamic militants attacked a fort in the troubled region tuesday , sparking fighting with government forces that left five troops and 37 fighters dead , the army said ."
"seven people are dead , twenty others wounded in a double suicide bombing in a poppy growing region of afghanistan ."
"the report said eritrea , niger , comoros , haiti and liberia are particularly affected ."
alan arkin won the best supporting actor oscar for his role as grandpa in little miss sunshine .
but one that s on my mind tonight is about a woman who cast her ballot in atlanta .
"in recent weeks , clarkson has made headlines for saying the media is exaggerating reports that she and music mogul clive davis clashed over her upcoming cd , my december , to be released by rca records , a unit of sony bmg music entertainment ."
but his illness reminded voters a new president could be asked to fill several vacancies of retiring justices on the closely divided court .
"but in the letter , hyde applauded the u . s . ambassador for his so called straight forward remarks and appeared to criticize seoul for siding with the north ."
"blacksburg , virginia cnn investigators are examining the computer and cell phone of the woman believed to have been the first victim of the virginia tech massacre , as well as an ebay account the gunman may have used ."
"suffolk , virginia cnn virginians faced a massive cleanup project tuesday after at least three tornadoes damaged dozens of homes and injured more than 200 people ."
"all prescription sleeping pills may sometimes cause sleep driving , federal health officials warned wednesday , almost a year after the bizarre side effect first made headlines when rep ."
"two pilots , who both survived , were flying together for the first time ."
we were together only 15 weeks a year and i just thought the communication wasn t going very far any more .
"hawass has led the search for hatshepsut since a year ago , setting up a dna lab in the basement of the cairo museum with an international team of scientists ."
"sharapova went 32 4 with three titles in 2008 , earning nearly 2 million in tour prize money ."
"the bangladesh red crescent fears the death toll could be 5 , 000 perhaps even reaching as high as 10 , 000 ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"but the moment everyone is waiting for comes tuesday morning , when steve jobs makes his annual keynote address at san francisco s moscone center ."
"the first lady generated some buzz last night by wearing another sleek , sleeveless dress to the speech , one that showed michelle obama s well toned upper arms ."
"61 of the 100 are based in the u . s . or canada , while 27 are european ."
"the bus was coming from the beach resort of mar de ajo on its way to san miguel , outside the capital of buenos aires , according to a sign on the bus ."
"heavy rains had led them to seek shelter with local tribes , the spokesman said ."
"responding to questions over how seoul expects to cover the cost of doubling north korea s electricity supply , south korea s top energy official said that the government would undertake to pay whatever was needed to maintain peace on the korean peninsula and reach a successful conclusion to the six party nuclear negotiations ."
"speckled with lifeless flies , the canister swings each time the violin bow pokes it ."
"another 56 have been wounded , emergency medical services reported ."
karzai appeared on state run television fewer than two hours later and called on citizens to remain calm .
"stephen attenborough , virgin galactic s astronaut liaison , reassured the founders in an e mail that the accident s impact on the first commercial spaceflights expected in late 2009 or 2010 will be minimal and that it was business as usual ."
the nobel peace prizewinner will also attend the opening ceremony of a korean studies center at the university .
a man who spent 25 years in prison for rape was exonerated monday after a judge threw out his convictions because dna evidence showed he couldn t have committed the attack .
the men said they watched through their lenses as sarkozy pointed toward them and his boat began moving in their direction .
"and while u . s . president george bush has not committed to attending the opening , he does plan to attend the games ."
"with the win , clinton will pick up 81 of pennsylvania s 158 delegates , and obama won 69 , cnn estimates ."
"i speak to my fellow senators when i say that the president is not the only american leader who will have to make adjustments to his or her thinking , lugar said ."
"when mr wei refused the chengguan s demands that he delete the footage , he was beaten to death on the spot , according to witnesses cited by the xinhua news agency ."
"motorola wednesday warned of a second quarter loss and said it no longer expected its mobile phone business to be profitable this year , blaming weak sales in asia and europe ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"the u . s . troop cut would include some 3 , 600 soldiers already earmarked for redeployment this summer from south korea to iraq ."
but it says it is trying to draft a list of agreed principles to give new life to the deadlocked diplomacy .
the korea herald reports the two koreas yesterday touched up last minute preparations for the test run of the two cross border railways .
a statement said to come from a group abu musab al zarqawi threatened attacks on japan unless it withdrew its troops from iraq .
"saul has no interest in moving to mexico , which he does not know ."
"simply by offering to pony up for its mistakes , netscape won admirers ."
"security reinforcements were brought in , one witness in the city told cnn , to stave off any possible uprising by anti government protesters , who in recent days have seen a stalwart oppression at the hands of the ruling military junta ."
"by saturday night , about 135 , 500 cubic meters of mud and rocks had been removed from the lake , and the plan to use explosives to blow away the blockage was abandoned because of the channel s completion , xinhua cited liu as saying ."
"the united states wants to build a missile interceptor base in poland and a radar site in the czech republic , but details have yet to be negotiated ."
it makes people more curious about her the opposite of zane s intent .
"that changed thursday when defense minister ehud barak ordered all crossings into gaza closed because of a spike in rocket barrages , cutting off fuel supplies ."
"the riaa doesn t know the identities of those it targeted in its most recent round of lawsuits , but plans to discover them through court issued subpoenas ."
"in his new role , tony will help palestinians develop the political and economic institutions they will need for a democratic , sovereign state able to provide for its people and live in peace and security with israel , bush said ."
"this makes it especially difficult for the albatross population to survive because the birds lay eggs only once every two years a very low reproductive rate compared to other birds , madge said ."
"south korea also mobilized its top diplomat to tokyo , ra jong yil , to file a similar complaint with japan s foreign ministry ."
"the two states only other summit was held in pyongyang in 2000 . at the time , kim jong il promised to make the return journey to seoul , but that has never happened ."
ayman al zawahri said in the tape aired by satellite channel al jazeera that the new crusader campaign
the new ceo will replace yahoo !
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
it is the first of the bidders to receive such a visit .
"with 93 percent of precincts reporting , clinton was ahead of barack obama by more than a 2 1 ratio ."
"the medical examiner said his office also collected from smith several vials of blood , a piece of bone with bone marrow inside , and hair samples ."
"another u . s . employee , paul converse , died wednesday from wounds he sustained sunday , officials said ."
"bird flu cannot be contracted from eating properly prepared poultry , the who statement said ."
"haji zahir , a tribal elder who has been acting as a mediator , told the bbc he and two other elders had travelled to meet the taliban and bring the first three women by car to ghazni ."
"in september , it was announced william is to train to become a full time search and rescue pilot with the raf ."
"soul diva amy winehouse has damaged her lungs by smoking crack cocaine and cigarettes , her father said in an interview published sunday ."
"between 20 to 40 kangaroos were tranquilized and then killed with lethal injections by defense contractors , said angie stephenson , project manager of animal liberation new south wales ."
"serbian tv showed someone trying to set fire to the u . s . flag at the embassy , which was closed and unstaffed when the masked protesters attacked ."
and what s the point in boycotting a product you never use anyway ?
"a contestant on britain s big brother reality tv show , has been kicked off for using a racially offensive word against another housemate ."
"to find a new pyramid is always exciting , said hawass . and this one is magical ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"in comparison , 25 . 5 percent of women who consumed more than 200 mg of caffeine a day miscarried ."
"over the past four years , some 500 u . s . companies have established their factories in northern mexico because of cheap labor costs ."
the region has been wracked by quakes and aftershocks for the past two days .
"a member of the french green party was restrained by police after attempting to grab the torch from the first of paris s 80 torch bearers , former world 400 metres hurdles champion stephane diagana ."
"bogota , colombia cnn millions of colombians wearing white t shirts marched in their homeland and abroad monday , to demand the country s largest rebel group stop kidnapping people and release those it holds ."
law enforcement officials say the man accused in the craigslist killing had items belonging to the victim in his boston apartment .
"popular television and film actress lee eun ju was found dead , on tuesday apparently having committed suicide ."
"the charge , which specifies that the conspiracy began around the first of january 2007 and concluded at the start of this month , accused abdulla of conspiring with others to cause explosions of a nature likely to endanger life or cause serious injury to property in the united kingdom ."
and the breakout attention received by republican vice presidential candidate sarah palin it seems like the show s influence is greater than it s been in years .
"the npa unveiled its new rules and other measures after it came under fire from the public for local police mishandling of a rape case involving two sisters last week in milyang , south gyeongsang province . under heavy fire over its handling of a gang rape case involving 40 high school students , the national police agency announced yesterday that from now on only female police officers will investigate victims of sexual violence to prevent possible human rights violations , according to the korea herald ."
"this is a baby , cheney said wednesday at a forum sponsored by glamour magazine ."
the prosecution thursday banned seven to eight officials from samsung affiliated companies from traveling overseas .
"about 3 , 100 personnel , including national guard members , are using 321 fire engines and 22 helicopters to fight the blazes ."
the guild prize is a solid forecast for who might win the directing honor at the academy awards .
maradona is best known for his two goals in the 2 1 victory over england in the quarterfinal of the 1986 tournament .
"john howard , who trails labor s kevin rudd in opinion polls ahead of a saturday s general election , claimed the liberal party had not authorized them ."
the parties agreed to a mutual and amicable separation that included a desire for more personal time for 14 time major winner woods whose wife elin is expecting their second child .
the bill aimed to create a path to citizenship for some of the 12 million illegal im migrants and to toughen border security .
", the british press association reported ."
"lohan s personal assistant had quit her job just hours before the incident involving the assistant s mother , police said ."
"cayenne , french guiana cnn a european rocket lifted off from french guiana early sunday on a mission to bring oxygen , food , water and equipment to the international space station ."
"simultaneously , korea and the u . s . held a high level meeting in washington , d . c . to deal with other fta issues such as automobiles and textiles ."
"in the resolution passed wednesday , the oas called the attack a violation of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of ecuador and of principles of international law and noted that it led ecuador to break relations with colombia ."
the two sumatran orangutans at zoo atlanta are playing computer games while researchers study the cognitive skills of the orange and brown primates .
"he quickly snagged a short lived food network series , a cook s tour , and later jumped ship to star in no reservations , which debuted in 2005 ."
the bernard madoff scandal may have taken a deadly turn .
there is one critical part of the financial system which receives far less attention than it deserves
former new york mayor rudy giuliani ended his gop presidential race and endorsed rival sen . john mccain of arizona on wednesday .
"in april 2008 , trevor immelman took the masters title at just 28 years old ."
"the candidate , yousaf raza gilani , was parliament speaker in the administration of former ppp leader benazir bhutto , who was slain during a campaign rally last year ."
"the tech heavy nasdaq composite down 1 . 20 to 2 , 570 . 95 , charts fell a few points after ending last week at a six year high ."
"sen . hillary clinton s spokesman called on illinois sen . barack obama to renounce comments made by hollywood executive david geffen that were sharply critical of the new york democrat and her husband , former president bill clinton ."
"the band s other hits included bang your head metal health and another slade cover , mama weer all crazee now ."
"while moves by central banks raised concerns that the liquidity problem was far more serious than previously anticipated , they helped calm tensions and shift investor focus back to strong corporate and economic fundamentals ."
"meanwhile in group a , japan scored an injury time equalizer to draw 2 2 with england in shanghai ."
a judge at the court in the capital in harare said he would first consider an argument by the zimbabwean electoral commission zec that his court did not have jurisdiction .
"gm has suffered falling sales , a drop in market share and high labor costs ."
why the hurry to accomplish such a herculean feat ?
the north s foreign ministry said thursday that it discussed technical matters with the u . s . officials about its promised declaration of its nuclear program .
"the prisoners , discovered by us forces on tuesday , had reportedly been tortured and were malnourished ."
we ll start with a little positive news about the economy this morning .
"noriega also faces possible prison time in panama , where he is accused of kidnapping , extortion and the murder of political opponents ."
the feds latest effort to battle the credit crunches to buy commercial paper for money market mutual funds .
the media watchdog accused yahoo of becoming a police informant in order to further its business ambitions .
a new report says average daily circulation dropped another 7 . 1 between last fall and this spring .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"suzuki , who started their involvement with international rally competition with the 2002 junior world rally championship , entered two sx4 wrcs in the 2008 world rally championship ."
"a gunman fired into a crowd of people at a los angeles bus stop wednesday , wounding seven , including children , authorities said ."
"speaking earlier monday , musharraf urged the west to be patient with his nation as it tries to establish a democracy ."
thousands more patients would benefit if more donor hearts were available .
"malaysian prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi has been sworn in , two days after his coalition suffered its worst election result in five decades ."
organizers of the 2008 beijing olympics say they are investigating reports that children are being exploited in the manufacture of official merchandise .
"it s about all he s really got , in terms of honeymoon on the capitol hill ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the m zab is listed by unesco as a world heritage site and lies on the edge of the sahara , the world s largest desert ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
everyone in my view comes from a family like the simpsons .
"a former fighter pilot who survived two wars , he carried into space a small pencil drawing titled moon landscape by peter ginz , a 14 year old jewish boy killed at auschwitz ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
eleven of the 54 people who were sickened were doctors
"begin your tour with khreshchatyk street , kiev s calling card , a broad avenue lined with grand stalin era brown brick buildings and chestnut trees ."
washington afp iraqi president saddam hussein said in an interview monday that he has no plans to comply with a u . n . demand that he destroy his banned al samoud 2 missiles .
"soluble fiber is found in oats , beans , fruits , and vegetables ."
"according to a recent survey of an employment related information research company , the average competition ratio among college graduates to get a job in large enterprises was 67 . 3 1 , almost similar to last year s 67 . 7"
"myanmar s leaders have been slow to allow foreign aid in the country , and prevented foreign agencies from doing a needs assessment after the storm ."
"in another development involving the texas company , the lawyer for an army corps of engineers whistle blower and his client was interviewed by the fbi last week over her claims of contracting abuse involving halliburton , which was run by vice president dick cheney from 1995 2000 ."
"police identified the suspect as tetsuya shiroo , who was arrested on the spot ."
"in a statement , british airways said all 136 passengers and 16 crew members had been evacuated from the plane with six minor injuries taken to hospital ."
jet captain reported ufo sighting
"company spokesman valentyn zemlyansky said it could divert supplies bound for western europe . we don t rule that out europe must also understand to what extent ukraine can be bent , zemlyansky told the associated press ."
beijing has ruled out full democracy for the territory before 2008 .
"public criticism mounted after the associated press , a u . s . news agency , reported that one of its reporters in the seoul bureau asked the foreign ministry on june 3 whether one of its citizens with a name that sounded like kim sun il was missing or in captivity in iraq , but was told no ."
"however , white house spokesman gordon johndroe confirmed that president george w bush had spoken to blair ."
"the threat of aftershocks from the may 12 quake and more rain , meanwhile , put the area in extreme danger , said liu ning , chief engineer of the ministry of water resources ."
"but knut no longer a tiny cub , thanks partly to his penchant for croissants probably won t get a taste of his own birthday cake ."
my mother always said democracy is the best revenge .
more than 100 people were injured .
state department spokesman sean mccormack said the north koreans had refused to sign an agreement on how to verify their nuclear activities .
"officials at the u . s . trade representative ustr , in a news conference conducted over the phone , reaffirmed that the new trade policy announced thursday applies to all four ftas waiting congressional approval south korea , panama , peru and colombia ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the renewed rocket fire in spite of an israeli incursion aimed at snuffing out such attacks was a blow to the jewish state as it seeks to prevent militants portraying its planned pullout of settlers from gaza next year as a victory .
"a statement posted on the group s web site sunday said abu al muqdad al wahrani strapped with an explosives belt was unable to get past the security guards protecting algerian president abdelaziz bouteflika when he visited the town of batna on thursday just east of the capital city , algiers ."
mohammed jaisham ibrahim instantly became a household name after a man jumped out of a crowd of well wishers and lunged at president maumoon abdul gayoom on tuesday .
"flip flopping even before taking presidential office , lee myoung bak said wednesday it will be tough for korea to achieve the 7 percent economic growth in 2008 he promised voters during his campaign ."
"at least 8 , 000 people protested against what they saw as the unfair treatment of indians in muslim majority malaysia ."
"and nations that still live under tyranny and oppression , can find hope and inspiration in our commitment to liberty ."
demonstrators filled rabin square three days after an official interim report sharply criticized olmert s role in launching and running the war .
"unfortunately , the market segment of full sized suv s is shrinking and continues to shrink ."
then just start walking around .
"iranian officials previously confirmed the detentions of three other iranian americans scholar haleh esfandiari , who is the director of the middle east program at the woodrow wilson international center for scholars"
south korea s foreign minister has won the support of the security council s five permanent members in an informal vote on the next un secretary general .
cnn efraim diveroli s father hoped his son would become a doctor or lawyer .
police are requesting the public s assistance in identifying and locating the second suspect in the video .
and political development in turkey that had sapped support for the group .
"gen surya dharma , a senior police official , told cnn in march that abu dujana is a very dangerous and clever man ."
"i think it s more important to protect the rights of citizens who have to be at work early but are kept up at night by the sound of cars , he told reuters ."
"in terms of political credibility , said mustafa alani , director of security and terrorism studies at the dubai based gulf research center ."
president jacques chirac said monday that the israeli leader would not be welcome in france until he gave a satisfactory explanation for saying jews should go to israel to escape anti semitism in france .
"after holding to love , nalbandian reached nadal s overhead smash for a crosscourt winner and the set ."
the artifacts are part of a fresh exhibit that arrives in london this week called tutankhamun and the golden age of the pharaohs .
"moscow , home to the university of idaho , is a city of about 21 , 000 residents in the state s northwestern section ."
flying with the flu ?
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
recovery operations have ended for the night because conditions became dangerous for workers as darkness set in .
president roh moo hyun will preside over the meeting .
gore who is one of voters top choices for the democratic presidential nomination even though he says he s not running implored lawmakers to adopt a list of policy prescriptions to stop global warming .
the plane slammed into a tam airlines building after narrowly clearing the airport s perimeter fence and rush hour traffic on a surrounding highway . three people on the ground also died and another 11 were hospitalized .
"polls show most people support an apology , and rudd had promised to do so if he was elected ."
a u . s . official confirmed that the spy satellite is designated by the military as us 193 .
justin henin opened the defense of her french open crown with a battling 6 4 6 3 win over 20 year old russian elena vesnina on sunday .
an apparent suicide attack in iraq has left at least 25 people dead and injured more than 30 others .
"but not all of florence s wonders are indoors , so take advantage of the clement weather and cross the roman ponte vecchio bridge , famous for the jewelry shops that line it , to the boboli gardens ."
"the news about the clouded leopard comes just a few weeks after a wwf report showed that scientists had identified at least 52 new species of animals and plants over the past year on borneo , the world s third largest island that is shared by indonesia , malaysia and brunei ."
the white house claims that president bush has the right to reject congressional requests for documents or testimony from staff members .
"israeli police and ambulance officials said eight people were killed by the attacker , who was shot dead ."
"the attack occurred at the bonga oil facility , which is 65 miles"
the two others are the united states and russia .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"they include the ministry of foreign affairs and trade , the ministry of unification , the ministry of national defense and the ministry of government administration and home affairs ."
"thousands of tropical trees had been ripped up and thrown down , some into roadways ."
"the three coalition soldiers died sunday after sustaining wounds in an explosion during fighting in nangarhar province , along the border with pakistan , the coalition press information center said ."
but more than three quarters of those polled said they had been forced to pay for private treatment because they had been unable to find an nhs dentist . almost a fifth said they had refused dental treatment because of the cost .
there is no treatment for severe ev 71 infections nor does a vaccine exist .
draft likely to be reduced
"was greeted on arrival by anti china protesters waving signs , calling him a communist bandit and rallying outside the legislature ."
"speculation persists about hill possibly visiting the communist state before the fifth round of the talks begin as a gesture to hasten reconciliation , but both washington and seoul denied any such plans ."
"china s construction minister has ordered an immediate investigation , xinhua news agency reports ."
"over the next few days , engineers will check opportunity s instruments and command it to scale down the crater ."
"the roman catholic church has been working to foster dialogue with muslims in recent years , especially in light of comments made by benedict in september 2006 ."
malaysia s prime minister abdullah ahmad badawi says he will not resign despite a big setback for his governing coalition in saturday s election .
bush didn t mention korea as a key ally .
now comes the hard part .
"additionally , the european space agency said nearly 200 satellite photos this month taken together showed an ice free passage along northern canada , alaska and greenland , according to news reports ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2674092
"singer and actress eartha kitt has died , her publicist , patty freedman , told cnn on thursday ."
"he believes tsonga has the potential to move into the top three or four spots , saying , he has an unbelievable forehand ."
the high profile examination of the death penalty also raises anew a national debate over selective prosecution and race .
"thousands heard the pope , in white and gold robes , speak inside the basilica at st . peter s"
"there also are people like crystal , whose case was dropped by the orange county , florida , state attorney s office , who feel slighted by the justice system ."
but he added that more study will be needed in the coming months .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"if the goal of the insurgents was to target isaf troops operating in the area , they failed , said spokesman brig . gen . carlos branco ."
libyan officials also allegedly raised the matter during former british prime minister tony blair s trip to tripoli when a major gas deal was announced .
"however , pyongyang could not confirm the international delegation s visit until it had verified the transfer ."
"the results missed wall street s projections for a loss of 4 . 70 per share on revenue of 702 . 1 million , according to thomson financial ."
"the prince s status is currently being reviewed , the ministry of defense said ."
and bagging a billionaire boyfriend is the most desirable way to earn the all important mula or bimbo dollars .
"the person who wore the gold necklace may have sought to distinguish himself with a status symbol , aldenderfer said ."
"rice planned to visit chile after her stop in brazil , using the opportunity to engage leaders who the bush administration says have been helpful to u . s . economic and anti terrorism efforts ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"her comments speak to the singer s frankness , which makes clarkson stand out from many of today s publicist protected pop stars ."
pakistani president pervez musharraf is accusing western leaders and media of politicizing the olympics by criticizing china s human rights record and its policy in tibet .
"the ancient equivalent of artillery . researchers say the evidence suggests the tribesmen lured the romans into the forest to keep them from making full use of those long range weapons and draw them into hand to hand combat , outside of the formations the imperial troops had mastered ."
the jury in that trial took less than six hours to convict armento .
the overall success rate for all applicants to the two schools
"about 20 people were injured and taken to a hospital for treatment , but fire control teams were on the scene and bringing the blaze under control , he said ."
"house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , said monday in a statement , the president s strategy in iraq has failed . it is time to change the mission of our troops to one that will promote regional stability and combat terrorism ."
.
the report from the energy department s energy information administration confirms the view of many investors that oil supplies are tightening even as demand remains strong .
"the detectives say she is in good condition , nye county sheriff tony demeo said ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"pakistan s ambassador to the united states , mahmud ali durrani , recently told cnn that the pakistani military is totally focused on destroying al qaeda and the taliban network and not just one person ."
researchers had thought that frozen cells were unusable because ice crystals would have damaged the dna .
"the top six concerns for both whites and blacks in making their presidential choice this year are exactly the same in the following order the economy , iraq , terrorism , health care , gas prices and iran though blacks place a higher level of importance on all those issues ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the authorities also announced a three day mourning period after what they called the police chief s assassination .
"snow told conservative talk show host hugh hewitt on thursday that financial reasons may prevent him for serving the remainder of his boss s presidency . i m not going to be able to go the distance , but that s primarily for financial reasons ."
grylls is a former member of the british special forces and has broken his back in several places during his service .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the heart of the village looked as though it had been through a tumble dryer .
"the child of bethlehem summons us once again to do everything in our power to put an end to the suffering of these children to do everything possible to make the light of bethlehem touch the heart of every man and woman , he said ."
"also , the committee has difficulty in tracking estates that were given away by so called pro japanese collaborators ."
the zoo announced thursday that the cub is female .
robert rechter concludes that the main problem facing american inner cities is not a lack of government funding or services but the disintegration of the family and the collapse of moral values .
"interest rates will be eyed on thursday with the european central bank expected to hold rates at 4 . 0 percent , while the bank of england is forecast to raise rates by 25 basis points to 5 . 75 percent ."
"the american association for the advancement of science said it has compiled satellite images that provide evidence of village destruction , forced relocations and a growing military presence at sites across eastern myanmar ."
district judge andrew shaw sentenced hughes to two months in jail but suspended the sentence for one year .
"on economic cooperation , baek said , the south could propose the establishment of a gaeseong industrial park like economic zone , as a step for the joint economic community . he said it is inevitable for the two koreas to deepen business cooperation if the north and south want co prosperity ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"and our nation will sink deeper into a crisis that , at some point , we may not be able to reverse , he said ."
"the move is an effort to drum up support among democrats for several trade deals stalled on capitol hill , amid allegations the white house has not done enough to prod china ."
"professor hawking , who suffers from motor neuron disease , was able to float free , unrestricted by his paralyzed muscles and his wheelchair ."
the rate of burning had slowed significantly by wednesday as officials continued what they called an unprecedented effort to battle the flames .
"the journal also described the pair s acquisition of a small monkey and their experimenting with different medicines to sedate the monkey for their journey home , mcdevitt s office said ."
"four of the more than 60 people injured were pakistanis as well , erdogan said ."
"but if opinion polls are any indication , the vote is going to be very close ."
they re destroying the pakistanis ability to connect with denmark . it is completely unacceptable .
the deal said the drug would be made and distributed mostly in indonesia but did not give a date when commercial production would start .
"the official described al libi as part of al qaeda s inner circle , who helped fill the void created by the capture or death of other senior people in the organization ."
hyundai and kia account for more than 70 percent of south korea s automobile exports .
the price increase is fueled by record labels as cd sales continue to fall .
"now the ball is in north korea s court to take the next important steps , he said ."
though sir david frost doesn t see his 1977 interviews with former president richard nixon as an intellectual rocky
cadillac rides smoothly
north and south korea agreed over the weekend to conduct trial operations of two newly rejoined cross border railroads on may 25 .
the italian born bruni and sarkozy tied the knot february 2 at the presidential elysee palace .
"police , who are trying to piece together the movements of john darwin over the last five years , have made a public appeal for information over his whereabouts ."
"the congress , comprised of 2 , 235 delegates from all over china , meets only every five years ."
"some of the old favorites that will again be on display are one of the company s original prototype contour bottles only two exist , and a soft drink dispenser used in 1985 on the space shuttle challenger ."
"in addition to the traditional holy week ceremonies , he will preside over a mass on monday afternoon in honor of john paul to mark the second anniversary of the pontiff s death ."
"while he said resettlement could mean life or death for some iraqis , it will never fully address the problem ."
flying with the flu ?
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the white house laid on special touches , too , at president bush s first ever white tie state dinner to honor america s closest ally and make the queen feel welcome ."
nur otan will control 98 seats in the 107 seat parliament .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the case reflects a marked increase in executions for the offense of communication with people outside the totalitarian country , reporters without borders said ."
"bruce was a great friend and a great doctor from an outstanding family . he was gracious beyond words , and his death is a terrible loss for florida ."
"reacting to the photo , anne darwin , who had earlier said in a statement released through her sons that she had not seen her husband in the last five years , said my sons are never going to forgive me , the paper reported ."
the eight time gold medal winner admitted after the parade in his honor that he s been taking it easy since beijing
"writing on her myspace page , the 22 year old said she had been broke and homeless and had abused drugs since leaving home aged 17 to pursue a singing career in new york ."
"park , daughter of the late president park chung hee who ruled the country for 18 years after taking power in a 1961 military coup , has been considered a potential candidate for the presidential election next year ."
"blair , who had long been a member of the church of england , converted to the catholic faith during a mass held friday night at a chapel in london , the catholic church said ."
"you cannot pretend we re 32 , still running around new york drinking with liberty and looking for interesting sexual partnerships . it would have been vulgar . none of us wanted to do that ."
musa qala saw intense battles between taliban fighters and british troops last summer and fall .
"the lpga tour will offer three fewer official events in 2009 , the latest result of the global economic downturn and its affect on sport all over the world ."
portuguese and british authorities have been investigating the girl s disappearance .
"voter turnout was low , at about 60 ."
"the images were pixilated to obscure diana s face , and lord justice scott baker , who is acting as coroner , said none of the images would be released to the public ."
it allows the olympic committee to analyze samples retroactively should new tests to detect new substances and doping methods become available .
"flinchum grew up in the blacksburg area and began his law enforcement career at virginia tech , signing on with the university s police department while a student at the school in 1983 ."
"rice won the 200 and 400 meter individual medleys in beijing and also teamed with kylie palmer , bronte barratt and linda mackenzie to break a world mark in the 4x200 freestyle relay ."
"security was extraordinarily tight on this mission because ramon , israel s first astronaut , was among the crew members ."
but she is dismayed by the competitiveness of some students who seem prematurely focused on career status .
series mvp cole hamels was a star in game 5 and he never stepped on the mound wednesday night .
"when police arrived at the to serve the former prime minister with the house arrest warrant , they were told she was not available to sign it , police said ."
"u . s . military and embassy officials had no immediate information about the report , which follows a series of recent shootings in which foreign security guards have allegedly killed iraqis ."
a major winter storm is snarling traffic and cutting power to thousands of customers across the midwest and northeast .
"the international organization for migration is distributing blankets , sweaters and shawls to 2 , 500 internally displaced families in three camps in herat province ,"
"johnson , 36 , made the dig saturday at the park and left his equipment in a locker ."
new york cnn bookstores are lined with the works of novelists who ve never seen their creations make it to the silver screen or who ve been burned when they do .
"cnn actor brad pitt plans to focus on rebuilding new orleans and extending his family , he told cnn s larry king but acting may not be in his long term future ."
"if the president thinks that by vetoing this bill he ll stop us from working to change the direction of the war in iraq , he is mistaken , reid added ."
analyst diane swonk of mesirow financial says you might wanna leave your 401k statement unopened for now .
the story was carried by the pro opposition korea times .
those methods may have been taught to him by his father and grandfather .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the paris court faulted the company for carelessness .
"almost 10 years ago , ginsberg was treated for colon cancer ."
"joining her on the nbc today show , former house speaker newt gingrich said republicans are ready"
"it the train toppled 90 degrees to one side and then all the way to the other side , a passenger named zhang was quoted in xinhua . when it finally went off the tracks , many people fell on me and hot water poured out of their thermos flasks ."
"the winning bid came from david rubenstein , former aide to the carter administration , and co founder and managing director of the carlyle group , a global private equity firm based in washington d . c , according to sotheby s ."
"catalan is spoken in barcelona , euskara is spoken in the basque region , and galego is spoken in galicia , in the northwest ."
"this city almost erected a billboard outside jamestown , virginia , to congratulate it on its 400th birthday and remind everyone st . augustine passed that milestone four decades ago ."
"collins didn t immediately name the person killed in the strike , but mohammad wali , a musa qala resident , said the airstrike killed a taliban leader named mullah abdul gafoor and some of his associates while they were riding in a truck through a small village just outside musa qala ."
more than 260 shops and restaurants attract locals and tourists . luxury shops such as neiman marcus and chanel share mall space with local favorites like hawaiian island creations and shirokiya .
"president hu jintao and rice also agreed that negotiation was the way to resolve differences over taiwan , which beijing sees as a renegade province ."
living in a cage in hong kong
two other executive orders from bush
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"authorities said there was no indication of terrorism at 207 , 135 feet 62 , 140 meters and traveling at 12 , 500 mph 20 , 112 kph , 18 times the speed of sound , the shuttle was out of range of any surface to air missile ."
"president bush s message of goodwill in latin america ran into a wall in guatemala on monday , as his defense of u . s . immigration law met with disapproval from his hosts ."
chevy chase as gerald ford .
the u . n . and nato have also said they see similar indications .
a u . s . official said tuesday that the pentagon is investigating whether iran was behind a january 20 attack in karbala that left five u . s . troops dead .
"socrates , the prime minister , said he wants portugal to adopt attitudes prevalent in more developed eu countries ."
a new state poll suggests that sen . barack obama has doubled his lead over john mccain in colorado .
"the ambassador , gen . edward pietrzyk , was evacuated from the scene by a helicopter from blackwater usa , the security firm that protects u . s . diplomats , a source told cnn ."
"greeted by joyous relatives and a crowd of reporters , about 40 iranian jews landed in israel on tuesday , leaving behind their lives in the islamic republic for new homes in the jewish state ."
"the korea times reports shin will hold a news conference to announce his resignation , quoting party officials ."
traffic from the heavily traveled interstates was being diverted onto alternate routes where visibility was better .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"a group of geologists and other experts will be sent to the area 1 , 250 miles southeast of santiago in the next few days to investigate , romero said ."
"with a small staff working in a former taliban garrison , omer , 32 , wants to open digital doors that will not only train kandahar s people for the challenges ahead , but also help them learn more about the u . s . led coalition troops that allowed them to do it ."
heavy rains could not stop the marchers as they made their way along the roads on the side of merdeka square . many of them were in the yellow shirts which organizers had asked them to wear .
"the leak affected between 2 , 000 and 2 , 500 residents , tarbell said ."
william henry harry bonser lamin s descriptions of grueling battles compete with complaints about cramped quarters and apologies for his irregular updates .
"in cool and windy conditions for the 39th new york marathon , radcliffe led from start to finish to join nine time winner grete waitz as the only woman to capture the race more than twice ."
the foreign ministry said in a statement
there must be a commitment in this country for equal education for all american young people .
"nearly all foreigners age 16 or over , including longtime residents , will be scanned ."
"our experience in iraq has repeatedly shown that projecting too far into the future is not just difficult , it can be misleading and even hazardous , gen . david petraeus said at a joint hearing of the house armed services and foreign relations committees . the events of the past six months underscore that point ."
"pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf , cracked down on al qaeda militants and arrested many in the waziristan area before the truce was reached , but critics say he has failed to prevent the militants from gaining strength within the country ."
he will also meet with u . n .
ashley put the club up for sale in september in the wake of ferocious protests from fans after the departure of kevin keegan as manager .
"god , if there is an open door for me somewhere , this is what i always pray , i m like , don t let me miss the open door ."
"authorities in southern california say they are still trying to figure out the motive in a shooting at a korean religious retreat that left one person dead and four others injured , including the alleged gunman ."
"chinese ambassador qian hongshan and scores of blue uniformed chinese laborers who built the new 40 million queen s park stadium as a gift from beijing were visibly uncomfortable as taiwan s anthem echoed inside the 20 , 000 seat venue ."
"more than three quarters , 76 percent , of respondents in a cnn essence magazine opinion research corp . poll said the country is ready to be led by an african american , up 14 percentage points since december 2006 ."
"football superstar , celebrity , fashion icon , multimillion dollar heartthrob . now , david beckham is headed for the hollywood hills as he takes his game to u . s . major league soccer ."
americans overseas galvanize for u . s . elections
"absent from mccain s remarks to california veterans was any mention of the new grim death toll released monday 4 , 000 u . s . troops in the war zone he just visited ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
makoni s campaign marks the first public challenge to mugabe s grip on power from within his own party .
"none of the perpetrators has been caught from the series of bombings , which killed four anti syrian figures , wounded two others , and occasionally have struck public areas , killing three people ."
"british prime minister tony blair said the announcement comes as a profound relief , not just to them but to their families that have endured such distress and anxiety over these past 12 days ."
"because this round could be the crossroads , today s talks took place in an atmosphere of heightened tension , sasae said ."
"london s advice makes a lot of sense , according to a study out this week in the journal of the american medical association ."
"we either used old materials or we did it the same way it would have been done , not 100 percent , but to the extent we were able to with modern building codes , he said ."
a top us anti drugs official has accused venezuelan president hugo chavez of being a major facilitator of the trade in cocaine .
"a check of employment web sites found about 10 , 000 listings for marketing jobs in southern california ."
the nigerian government and rebel militia fighting in the oil producing niger delta agreed a truce on wednesday while talks took place on rebel demands for autonomy .
"i think every marine is upset about this video , he said ."
"at the same time , the pope added , peace is a commitment that must be pursued with patience ."
and work with other countries as appropriate in support of the agreed quartet objectives .
"american research group april 5 6 , muhlenberg college march 27 april 2 and quinnipiac march 24 31 . this average does not have a sampling error ."
the government and the ruling uri party agreed yesterday to reduce the property registration tax further in a bid to reduce the tax burden on individuals .
the blackmailing with pictures of the meetings they had began in the fall of 2007 .
the value of all goods and services produced in the u . s .
hezbollah denied firing any rockets at haifa israel s third largest city . there were no reports of injuries or damage .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"in washington , president bush and first lady laura bush described the firefighters as true heroes who demonstrated great skill and courage ."
now it shows a note that the company network solutions is investigating whether the site violates its terms of service .
"instead , chirac said , the danger lies in the chances of proliferation or an arms race in the middle east should iran build a nuclear bomb ."
a classified report containing the accidental killing of the italian agent will be published .
"initially , i had grown my hair out to donate to locks of love in memory of my mother , who passed away from cancer last year ."
previous artificial hearts have been unable to automatically vary their pumping speed and must be tweaked externally .
"he reported 13 million to 45 million in assets , including his share in giuliani co . , a partnership that provides an array of consulting services ."
"standing beside reid , house speaker nancy pelosi , d california , said the president wants a blank check . the congress is not going to give it to him ."
"third committee , which deals with social and humanitarian issues , adopted the resolution expressing concerns at continuing reports of systematic , widespread and grave violations of civil , political , economic , social and cultural rights in north korea ."
"tension was mounting in the ghazni province where the south korean church volunteers are held hostage , as afghan military helicopters dropped leaflets warning of an upcoming military operation in the province ."
"called navimon , the game requires a cell phone that sports both gps and an internal compass ."
sushi zanmai lets you pick your dishes from a conveyor belt and is great value for money .
"zawahri , wearing a white turban with a machine gun at his side , spoke to camera for several minutes in the tape , broadcast two days before the third anniversary of the sept ."
"a large stretch of the chao praya , the busy waterway that cuts through bangkok , was closed to boats for several hours monday ."
"board of education , the landmark supreme court civil rights decision that declared school segregation illegal ."
"the main opposition grand national party gnp will announce its presidential candidate at a national convention in seoul , monday , at around 4 30 p . m ."
abbas sacked the previous government after hamas seized control of gaza .
someone is either too cheap to buy his own toilet paper or planning a big prank .
canadian women are being asked to volunteer their undergarments in an international effort to shame myanmar s ruling junta into giving citizens greater access to humanitarian aid and human rights . organizers launched the canadian edition of the panties for peace !
two women hostages freed by colombian farc rebels have arrived on a private jet at an airport near caracas and have been reunited with their families .
livni s visit to washington follows a lull in fighting between israel and palestinians in hamas run gaza .
the united states says it will soon notify south korea and other trading partners of potential changes in bilateral free trade agreements ftas required under a new trade policy .
"those issues , the agency said , will be discussed in more detail during a meeting slated to be held later this month in vienna ."
dick clark has suffered a stroke .
cindy mccain is the daughter of a millionaire arizona anheuser busch beer distributor whose net worth has been widely estimated to be in the tens of millions .
but scientists who have spent years studying the health of september 11 search and rescue dogs have found no sign of major illness in the animals .
"heavy on violence , the movie had an r rating , normally a damper on a film s blockbuster potential ."
christie s auction house in new york expects the life size 1995 portrait to sell for between 25 million and 35 million .
there were no immediate reports of damage .
"a muslim man jumped to the aid of three jewish subway riders after they were attacked by a group of young people who objected to one of the jews saying happy hanukkah , a spokeswoman for the three said wednesday ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"nicolas sarkozy has the right to three days of happiness with his family , raffarin said on rtl radio . it s from may 16 that the french will judge the new president ."
"4 , 300 year old pyramid discovered"
"unable to afford basic supplies , communities in central africa are increasingly turning to the forests for food ."
"with that in mind , his team has developed a treadmill desk that lets you walk while you work , and it has already been tested in real workplaces ."
painters alex and allyson grey are planning to move the business to a 40 acre plot of land in upstate new york .
the top city for attracting extra cash and visitors will be the host city to the olympic games .
both countries are holding five days of talks at a ski resort in big sky .
calves and their mothers up to 9 . 8 feet three meters long
"if you only have time for a flying visit , check out the unbelievable ice cream colours of michaelangelo s tomb in santa croce church piazza sta croce"
"u . n . secretary general ban ki moon , a former south korean foreign minister , said he felt very much sorry and troubled by the killings ."
"i will be leaving probably after the first of the year , ingrassia said in a brief phone interview . there just didn t seem to be an appropriate place for me in the company ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
india has been a center for the tibetan exiles since the dalai lama fled there in 1959 after a failed uprising and set up his government in exile in the northern town of dharmsala .
"as he fell injured the audience started to applaud , oblivious to the fact that hoevels was really hurt , britain s telegraph newspaper reported ."
"still , he says the real growth has yet to start ."
in the words of frost nixon playwright and screenwriter peter morgan he does agree that the sessions had their adversarial moments .
"it s scrapping plans to nationalize a major bank and abandoning an attempt to fix the exchange rate , which would put a floor under its falling currency ."
the incident was deemed so horrendous the host broadcaster covering the match refused to show replays of the tackle during the game .
police officials declined to comment except to say they would issue a statement later in the day .
"u . s . officials have accused iran of interfering in the u . s . led war in iraq by supplying shiite muslim militias with weaponry and training , fueling the sectarian warfare u . s . and iraqi troops are trying to curtail ."
terry fujimoto sees the future of agriculture in the exposed roots of the leafy greens he and his students grow in thin streams of water at a campus greenhouse .
"this at least is not more bad news , and potentially could be a sign that we re somewhere around the bottom ."
"in last week s incident , kcna said seven pirates disguised as guards boarded the north korean vessel on october 29 and demanded the sailors pay them 15 , 000 and move the ship to the waters they want ."
"players get a random alert indicating that quick ! space monsters are now hovering around the tokyo tower or any 7 eleven outlet , for instance ."
but it was never implemented because of the financial row .
and gm is expected to announce as early as monday further moves to comply with government restructuring demands .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
iraqi officials have sought to calm fears that the new constitution will be delayed by the killing of three sunni muslims helping to draft the document .
"with a pair of binoculars , the nondescript buildings and hangars we found are surprisingly easy to see ."
"my , how time flies on a mountain ."
"had the three month writers strike not ended tuesday , the academy still would have put on a b show ."
"roh asked jeon hae cheol , senior presidential secretary for civil affairs , to accept the resignation so that prosecutors could investigate byeon ."
"analysts say li ning has a different strength , with its base in the smaller and less urban markets , where brands like adidas and nike have not spread ."
"the report came as the government audit body is set to launch an intensive inspection of schools , food suppliers and education authorities in the wake of the nation s worst school food poisoning case ."
"the battle for the democratic presidential nomination heads west saturday with caucuses in nevada , where unions and a large hispanic population are heavily expected to influence the results ."
blue lights with buttons on them to dispense the authorities to the area are strategically planted around campus for students to utilize in an emergency . the locations are insane .
"despite high oil prices and an ascending won against the dollar , june exports hit a monthly record of 28 . 27 billion , up 19 . 2 percent from a year ago , the commerce ministry said ."
i m innocent .
and a possible flaw in the metal foil for electrodes .
"the virus remains essentially an animal disease , but experts fear the virus may mutate into a form easily spreadable between humans and trigger a global pandemic , possibly killing millions ."
"the plan centers on fannie mae and freddie mac , which between them own or back about 31 million mortgages worth a combined 5 trillion ."
"with the help of south korean activists , lee s family traveled to seoul in 2000 ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
they also released a photo of the two activists relaxing and drinking tea aboard the yushin maru .
"banco delta asia bda , a macanese bank , had frozen the funds after it was accused by the treasury in september 2005 of laundering money for pyongyang and abetting the communist regime s illicit financial activities ."
"mail orders generally make up less than 10 percent of business , but the service helps win over repeat customers who consistently place large orders , store managers say ."
"the only gift he ever accepted was a little cocker spaniel dog that his daughter named checkers , nixon said ."
the office of the chief of staff oversees and coordinates activities and communication among various departments of the administration .
"however , it was not clear if the prince had been invited to attend he is believed to have gone to an olympics only once before , when his sister princess anne competed in montreal in 1976 ."
president bush blamed murderous extremists who are trying to undermine pakistan s democracy and said authorities must bring them to justice .
she is live in lagardia airport in new york .
"wang was second in the chinese national all around competition in 2005 , and her zhejiang provincial team took silver in the team competition last year ."
korea banned u . s . beef imports in december 2003 after an isolated case of mad cow disease was found in the country .
the visitors were made to pay for their mistakes when pavluchenko fired home a 69th minute penalty after rooney had pulled back konstantin zyrianov on the edge of the area .
"an ordinary compass , points to magnetic north , which is fickle and unreliable ."
"though not exactly a newcomer on the tour , villegas is a player set to become a household name this year , if 2008 was anything to go by ."
"cnn buildings collapsed , power lines were knocked out and gas pipes ruptured when a powerful earthquake hit the northeastern coast of new zealand late thursday ."
it was conducted by the mayor s office of long term planning and sustainability .
"the report also criticized western companies for cooperating in cyber repression , citing the case of u . s . company yahoo !"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"fred goldman alleges simpson is trying to avoid paying the 33 . 5 million judgment , which has ballooned to about 40 million with interest ."
"for everyone here in ohio and across america who s been ever been counted out but refused to be knocked out , for everyone who has stumbled but stood right back up , and for everyone who works hard and never gives up this one is for you , clinton said before supporters in columbus . you know what they say , she said ."
"london , england cnn princess diana and her boyfriend dodi fayed had selected a ring because the couple intended to announce their engagement within a month , a jeweler testified monday ."
george was dumbfounded .
10 ideas that changed the world
"the school s owner is in custody , facing possible manslaughter charges ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the statue , standing 7 feet 4 inches , faces another of former prime minister winston churchill in the member s lobby of the palace of westminster , the ornate parliamentary building on the bank of the river thames ."
beijing olympians face further drug tests
living in a cage in hong kong
"on my early trips before i learned that czech beer is more powerful than other beers i used to have a big beer at lunch and spend the rest of the day wobbly , sightseeing on what i called czech knees ."
"a south korean thriller movie seven days will be remade for the u . s . market , the movie s south korean distributor prime entertainment said tuesday ."
"the town had been subject to a peace deal brokered last october between village elders and the helmand provincial government that prevented nato , afghan and taliban fighters from coming within 5 kilometers 3 miles of the town center ."
automakers toyota and ford halted their china based production this week .
"airbus and our own engineers have dedicated teams to try to address these issues quickly , but last night s fuel pump defect took much longer to fix , singapore airlines said in an e mailed statement to the associated press ."
"at least four churches were destroyed , he said ."
"up to 60 heavily armed and uniformed somali troops stormed the wfp office wednesday morning and seized idris osman at gunpoint , but no shots were fired , the agency reported ."
"we are here for one reason and one reason only , to find out what happened so we can keep it from happening again , sumwalt said ."
"a new study has found that mobile phone radiation is unlikely to increase the risk of cancer , challenging earlier research which suggested a possible link ."
portuguese authorities have not commented publicly on evidence or interviews in the case .
"and so the tourist nation , which has white sandy beaches that lure well heed westerners , wants to set aside some of the billion dollars a year it receives from tourism and spend that money on buying a new homeland ."
"what we re seeing is a lot of interest among young voters coming out to register for the first time who really just need help with the process , she said , adding they were also seeing a lot of voters come out who haven t voted in as many as 40 , 50 years who need to re register ."
"joining her on the nbc today show , former house speaker newt gingrich said republicans are ready"
"a marine biologist steve o shea had provisionally identified the specimen , caught at a depth of more than 900 meters , as haliphron atlanticus , a bright red , jelly like species of octopus not previously found in the south pacific ."
"the nine , including three former soviet republics , joined 15 already enjoying the benefits under the schengen agreement ."
"the best attempt at measuring education across countries to date has been made by robert barro , an economist at harvard university , and lee jong wha from korea university ."
"uncertainty over the u . s . economy , uncertainty over china s economy , said rob hart , an analyst with morgan stanley in hong kong ."
i don t think necessarily that there s trouble looming around the corner for everyone involved in this industry .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"president elect barack obama , citing the need for tighter oversight of the nation s financial markets , on thursday named veteran regulator mary schapiro as his choice to head the securities and exchange commission ."
"but one out of four of those questioned said the republican party brought its convention to manhattan to support the city and show it s safe , according to a survey of victims relatives conducted by the new york times ."
"children threw snowballs on slushy streets , and weather reports topped local newscasts , eclipsing an upcoming government report on the 2006 war in lebanon that could pressure prime minister ehud olmert to resign ."
bursts of tear gas exploded in downtown athens as police continued to battle hundreds of young self styled anarchists rioting sunday in major cities across greece .
living in a cage in hong kong
"the united auto workers union president ron gettlefinger tells abc s this week if the measure doesn t pass , then the car companies are in big trouble"
they were all shot exclusively for the fourth screen .
"all of the bids should go before shareholders , and they should allow shareholders to decide in an environment of having as level a playing field as can be , fred goodwin , rbs s chief executive , told reporters on a conference call ."
the nation is seeing a growing number of illegal cremations being conducted at places other than government designated crematoria .
"lee myung bak , who takes office on 25 february , will merge the unification ministry with the foreign ministry ."
"there have been food riots recently in a number of countries , including haiti , the philippines and egypt ."
ulsan s top policeman made a public apology yesterday for his agency s handling of an alleged gang rape of a group of middle school girls by 41 high school boys .
"japan takes more than 1 , 000 whales a year under the scientific program allowed under international whaling commission rules ."
the result means none of the so called premier league big four have won for the second week in a row
"iraq has provisionally suspended crude oil exports to korea s top refiner , sk energy company , to protest an exploration deal between korean companies , including sk , and the kurdish regional government ."
seoul officials said yesterday that the international atomic energy agency informally notified a government delegation at iaea headquarters in vienna last week of its plan to send inspectors in the middle of december .
"the government is considering restricting individuals overseas remittances , but there are fears this move may undermine efforts to liberalize foreign exchange transactions ."
liverpool s victory lifts them three points clear of chelsea and surprise third placers hull city and is further indication of the strength of their challenge for a first english title in 19 years .
"some protesters called on japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi to step down and even threatened to blow up tokyo s yasukuni shrine , a memorial to world war ii japanese soldiers which korea and other asian countries occupied by japan during the war detest because it contains class a war criminals ."
cf the ship slipped into the harbor at night .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"singing bruce springsteen will perform in tampa , and he admits it s not just out of the goodness of his heart"
"by making it difficult for the animals to bite and catch prey , the tumors usually lead to their death from starvation within six months ."
the beans of kupi luwak are harvested after first being ingested by civet cats and only around 260 kilos of the coffee is produced each year .
"hundreds would be arrested , including king ."
flying with the flu ?
living in a cage in hong kong
"with his projected win , obama will become the nation s 44th president and its first african american leader ."
"he said he d had a rough time in his life and wanted to see about changing it , army sgt . edward dust said ."
sarkozy said he will lobby for tougher sanctions on iran when he attends the u . n . general assembly session in new york next week .
"ellen page has received plaudits for her performance as the title character , and screenwriter diablo cody famously a former stripper has become one of hollywood s it scribes ."
"more job cuts announced this morning , but stocks opened higher on wall street ."
"but when rookie david price struck out j . d . drew with the bases loaded to end the eighth inning , tampa bay showed it had plenty of resolve , too ."
"by spring , doctors had detected the cancer in her groin , right arm , liver and a rib by july , it had invaded her brain ."
"at least 8 , 000 riot police were deployed to guard the 15 mile 24 kilometer route , which started at olympic park , built when seoul hosted the summer games in 1988 , and winds down at city hall in central seoul ."
"the 550 soldiers are handing the palace over to iraqi control and joining the remaining 5 , 000 troops at the last british base near basra airport ."
"france has renewed its plea to colombian rebels to free more hostages , particularly politician ingrid betancourt , after the release this week of four captives ."
anastasia and her fellow female classmates are convinced they are on to something .
"officers chased the truck into a residential neighborhood , where the men drove into a dead end street ."
the party s nominee to replace him is going nowhere in the polls .
u . s . and nato troops have been battling a resurgent taliban in southern afghanistan for months .
"before the widespread assumption that mobile phones will become the primary means of accessing the internet , there are a couple of major obstacles ."
"this is special , maier , who is 36 next sunday , told associated press ."
"she said i am ok and then read a letter in the afghan language , dari , calling for the release of unknown prisoners ."
"after talking with that juvenile , he admitted to playing with matches , and accidentally starting the fire in that area , he said ."
"the caucus thrust the state , which has only 12 delegates , into the spotlight because the close race between obama and clinton means that every delegate counts ."
"many of them are bound for home ahead of the traditional lunar new year , also known as the spring festival , which falls on february 7 ."
"jett s death was mourned by the staff and residents of west end , where the travoltas were beloved members of the community , obie wilchcomb , former minister of tourism for the bahamas , told cnn s larry king ."
"he hasn t ruled it out completely i d like to drop in if i m still invited every few years or so , he told king but he said he wants to pursue some other interests as well ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"they were telling us to put our hands above our head and if we didn t cooperate and put our hands above our heads they would shoot , otey said ."
"the whole building just collapsed on everybody , said chase baldwin , a student at the school ."
"new york cnn a former cia agent who participated in interrogations of terror suspects said tuesday that the controversial interrogation technique of waterboarding has saved lives , but he considers the method torture and now opposes its use ."
emirates airline said it signed a massive order for 93 commercial aircraft with an option on 50 more at the opening of the dubai airshow on sunday in deals worth over us 20 billion .
"they have openly said so , said kim mi gyong , a guide at the victorious fatherland liberation war museum in the north korean capital pyongyang which commemorates the 1950 53 korean war ."
"the uci carried out all the testing at the 2007 tour , but a rift with tour organizer aso meant the french anti doping agency took sole charge of testing at this year s tour"
"supporters point to the environmental cost of trucking produce from farms to cities , the loss of wilderness for farmland to feed a growing world population , and the risk of bacteria along extensive , insecure food chains as reasons for establishing urban hydroponic farms ."
switching the habit of a lifetime has been tough for araujo s mother .
on the brink of extinction were so skittish around people that researchers were able to snap a photo of just one of them
"abc tried to reach agreement to air the commercial on a different night , according to people familiar with discussions , and was left out ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
draft likely to be reduced
new presidents often use executive orders to put their stamp on washington quickly .
"a 15 year old girl who had been missing for nearly a year was found wednesday , locked in a small hidden room under a staircase in a west hartford , connecticut , home , police said ."
"el dorado , kansas cnn a body found in kansas appears to be that of a missing college student who led a secret life as an internet porn star , police said thursday ."
"columbia , houston , we see your tire pressure messages and we did not copy your last ."
"it was a bitter pill for argentina , which lost on penalties to the same opponents in the 2004 final and were favorites to win this time against a brazil team missing kaka"
"more than 15 , 000 people died after a magnitude 7 . 7 earthquake in the province in 1970 , though authorities at the time covered up information on casualties and damage amid the chaos of the cultural revolution ."
more light for everyone this new year s eve .
"london , england john lennon was shot and killed outside his new york city apartment after deciding he wanted to return home to see his son rather than go out for dinner , yoko ono said in an interview broadcast sunday ."
it s jamie fryer with the entertainment news .
the 222 203 vote was far short of the two thirds majority needed to override the veto .
"a deep sea fishing trip was out of the question for cynthia white , a 64 year old retiree from fort myers , florida , who spent hours before the storm watching waves break against the resort s famous rock arch ."
"i wanted to go to dubai , bhutto said . but when these rumors surfaced , i decided to change my program , she added ."
"even so , finance minister lee hun jai said yesterday , we need to seriously think about our future economic growth engines ."
it also reported lower fourth quarter earnings though still ahead of wall street s modest expectations for the firm .
"the korean broadcasting commission announced last week that it would not allow the retransmission of ground based broadcasts on satellite based mobile television , preventing mobile phone operators from accessing programs from the country s main television stations kbs , mbc and sbs ."
"on a day of upsets , fifth seeded chilean fernando gonzalez followed roddick out of the tournament and the pair were later joined at the exit by another american , eighth seed james blake ."
"the spending bill , which congress passed last week , funds military operations in afghanistan and iraq , but it also calls for the withdrawal of u . s . troops beginning in october , with the goal of getting all u . s . combat forces out of iraq by the end of march 2008 ."
"haitham sabah al badri , the al qaeda emir of greater samarra , was killed by an airstrike thursday east of samarra , said rear adm . mark fox during a news conference ."
draft likely to be reduced
"eleven more bodies were recovered in the worst hit province of nghe an , and one more body was discovered in son la province ."
the grand national party tuesday initiated legal action against five lawmakers of the pro government uri party for alleged involvement in the illegal leak of information regarding former seoul mayor lee myung bak .
"the graphic , 400 page investigative report relied on video , recovered debris and medical findings , supplemented with computer modeling and analyses ."
witnesses say he was shot 3 times as a group of young people attacked a police patrol car overnight .
"meanwhile , the united states is willing to discuss the financial sanctions it has imposed on north korea , if the communist country makes clear its intent to return to stalled six party nuclear talks , assistant secretary of state christopher hill said friday such discussions can take place outside the framework of the six party dialogue and stressed that washington is flexible on the matter ."
she added that she did attend her aunt s funeral .
"but investment officer hugh johnson of johnson illington advisers warns that both the market and the public are very impatient , and things could change"
"asked whether u . s . president george w . bush would go to the opening portion of the olympics , white house press secretary dana perino demurred , citing the fluid nature of a foreign trip ."
2 . what areas do i need to develop to advance my career ?
i thought we of all people knew how important it was to give everyone a chance to have their voices heard and their votes counted .
"nevertheless , he put all groups and people on notice everyone must respect the law ."
"i respect the jury s decision , silva told reporters outside the los angeles county superior court after the verdict was read ."
"the plane , which had been taxiing with journalists and vip guests on board , suffered minor damage , delaying its planned flight to the northern thai city of chiang mai by just over three hours , they said . there were no injuries ."
"none of the cuts include baristas or store managers , and none of the jobs being left open include store employees or district managers who oversee store operations , the company said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
water rushing down a road from a big water main break
"u . s . officials identified the hezbollah operative as an explosives expert who played a key role in the january 20 attack that killed five american troops in karbala , a southern iraqi city that is one of the most revered to shiites ."
"we all aspire to leave in peace , but real peace . . . is not the simple conquest of man or the result of political agreements it is above all a divine gift , benedict said ."
"according to the court s customs , his mother referred to yi seok as your highness !"
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
a week without violence would help that along .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"he surmised the gator may have been a pet that got too big and was dumped into the chattahoochee , which meanders across metro atlanta and through a series of parks ."
"yolanda king , who lived in california , was an actress , ran a production company and appeared in numerous films , including ghosts of mississippi ."
"she is very , very committed to her work ."
"the concert included music by two us composers and a korean folk song , and was broadcast live on local television ."
the row stems from accusations that gonzales concealed from congress a political motivation behind the sacking of the federal prosecutors .
"in recent years , the country has seen several highly publicized corruption cases involving officials who steal 8212"
the united states does not mandate military service for its young men .
up to one fifth of the world population affected by increased flood events . . . 1 . 1 to 3 . 2 billion people with increased water scarcity . . . major extinctions around the globe .
one of the children found the corpses by chance when opening the freezer to look for food .
people here tell us about seeing strange lights in the sky and about rumors of captured ufos stored in secret hangars .
"a 1943 letter from a young man , who spent time in auschwitz , to his parents ."
"the recurrence was found during a routine scan , which flagged small lymph nodes in specter s chest and abdomen , the statement said ."
"it s a little sore , but not anything i haven t dealt with before , he said ."
"i ve been around , doing this work for 35 years , clinton fresh from an cameo appearance on saturday night live told voters at westerville north high school in suburban columbus , ohio ."
"overall , the national relationship is strong ."
the u . s . fish and wildlife service and the immigration and customs enforcement division of the department of homeland security were involved in the law enforcement operation .
the storm has been blamed for at least seven deaths across the caribbean islands .
the race for market share in china won t end with the olympics
"on tuesday , mike mcconnell told the senate judiciary committee the greatest threat comes from al qaeda ."
"fifty nine people have died after rainstorms in mountainous yunnan province in the southwest , xinhua news agency said on sunday ."
"i can consider leaving the party if the opposition parties ask for it in exchange for a constitutional change , he said in a televised news conference ."
"with carla , we decided not to lie , sarkozy said ."
"turnout is reported to have reached a record low , at around 61 ."
the pot had grown so huge because there had not been a big winner in any of the drawings since late june .
"it s a fully automated , electronic system for screening passengers before they begin travel to the united states under the visa waiver program ."
"michael takes the record from isle of wight teenager seb clover , who was 15 when he made the crossing in 2003 ."
firefighters were spread thin as new fires popped up and existing ones raced through the countryside
"again , the scientists performed mri s while these students looked at photos of the objects of their affection ."
"the crash saturday , during a precision flying team demonstration , injured eight people on the ground and damaged eight structures , said u . s . marine corps capt . sarah kansteiner , a military spokesperson , sunday . none of the injuries is life threatening , she said ."
airbus said it will take more time to determine the financial impact of the revised delivery schedule and the extent of additional costs .
schirra retired from the navy and nasa in 1969 .
"in 1987 , orlow began prescribing the drug for children as a pain free alternative to surgery ."
japan argues the program is needed to gauge whale populations and to study their breeding and feeding habits .
"secondly , there is no denying the president s political position has been strengthened slightly since the beginning of the summer , when a growing number of senior republicans like sens ."
almost half of voters in the 2004 democratic primary there were african american .
dubai authorities deny any evidence was concealed .
"kcna , in its english language report , quoted a foreign ministry spokesman as saying we are successfully reprocessing more than 8 , 000 spent fuel rods at the final phase ."
"it is the first annual rise in the birthrate since the 2000 millennium effect , when the number of births rose 3 . 3 percent to 637 , 000 ."
"the nfl already had announced that bruce springsteen and the e street band would perform at halftime at super bowl xliii on february 1 in tampa , florida ."
"as seoul continued to issue official denials of political trouble in pyeongyang , a senior south korean intelligence official said that north korean officials overseas are no longer wearing badges portraying the communist country s leader , kim jong il ."
tsuyoshi will even keep her name .
"as the result was read out , lawmakers slapped their desks loudly by way of applause ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
kovac said she found hawkins suicide note and called his mother .
he s the youngest mayor in the city s history .
"organizers of the international consumer electronic show say more than 20 , 000 new products will be on display ."
"the 150 , 000 visitors expected to travel here pumping an anticipated 200 million into the local economy are being urged to stretch their trip to take in some sights ."
"republicans call the debt involved irresponsible , which obama says is a bit much , coming from the folks who left him trillion dollar deficits ."
"the woman , also 30 , was found with her throat cut four days later in the elevator of her apartment building in the eastern city of alicante , and died on monday ."
just as the lights are coming back on in the northeast they may blink out again .
"they told japanese officials they had left chongjin on the east coast and headed south , but then changed course due to heavy security and ended up at fukaura in japan s aomori prefecture , 800 kilometers 500 miles to the east , the police official added ."
"the administration has been working on a 25 billion loan congress approved but is looking at other options , perhaps including cash from the financial bailout plan ."
fa cup final opponents didier drogba of chelsea and manchester united s cristiano ronaldo are on the six man shortlist for the professional footballers association player of the year award .
the house of lords is the final court of appeal in the united kingdom for civil cases .
"north korean kimchi tends to be mild and soupy , while the south korean version is a lot punchier ."
their audacity enhances their charisma .
"and actually going in a positive territory for a while , triggering this cheer from the traders on the floor of the new york stock exchange ."
"that software is aimed at helping families with multiple pcs easily centralize , share and protect digital content , such as pictures , music , documents and videos ."
"however , we must respect the constitutional rights of the people involved and the decision of those individuals and their counsel to protect those rights ."
"the ftse 100 closed the day 7 . 16 percent down , while the cac 40 in paris lost 6 . 82 percent of its value and the german dax 30 fell by 6 . 49 percent ."
both eastern michigan university and the university of connecticut postponed winter commencement ceremonies scheduled for sunday .
mr kim has said in the past tha t he was loaded into a boat with agents whose plan was to throw him overboard .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the united states welcomed pakistan s decision to consult with british investigators .
"a group of atalanta supporters , who sit in the curva nord or north bend of the atleti azzurri d italia stadium , attempted to smash through a barrier and force their way onto the field at the start of a serie a match against ac milan on november 11 ."
"the force also is helping to protect the transitional government , backed by the united nations , which is struggling to establish order after more than 15 years without a functioning central authority ."
some people were stranded on parts of the bridge that aren t completely in the water
"some hotels want two night minimums . then there s the currently unfavorable currency exchange rate , eh ?"
"there was no danger to any of the public , and there s no cause of concern in relation to that vehicle , assistant chief constable john malcolm said at a news conference in glasgow ."
"the advisory panel , appointed by congress , recommended that us security measures and intelligence be stepped up to try to prevent the theft of military technology , in particular ."
the report estimates that a four month deployment of the additional troops both combat and support could cost 9 billion to 13 billion and a 12 month deployment could cost 20 billion to 27 billion .
"supplies were running low at airport concessions for those enduring the wait , the seattle station said ."
"the law rules and who is on my side in respecting the law and the government s will be an ally and a partner and who rebels against the law and the government s will , will be a foe ."
i don t see why one group should impose its moral view on another .
"los angeles , california cnn to johnny depp , freedom means simplicity and anonymity ."
"the number of newborn babies also dropped from to 476 , 052 from 493 , 471 ."
she also served as deputy assistant secretary for european and eurasian affairs .
"worcestershire coroner s service , which is conducing an inquest into the circumstances of his death , states on its web site that james died on september 12 after he traveled to switzerland with a view to ending his own life . he was admitted to a clinic where he died ."
vermont gives obama his 12th consecutive win and puts mccain 17 delegates closer to clinching the republican nomination .
"while this may not sound like much , consider that some 100 million people live within 3 . 3 vertical feet of sea level , said mark meier of the university of colorado boulder , a lead author of the study ."
"iran detained the 15 marines and sailors on march 23 as they were making anti smuggling patrols near the mouth of the shatt al arab , at the northern end of the persian gulf ."
"he likes the idea of staying behind the camera , rather than pulling double duty as filmmaker and performer as he did in his 2002 directorial debut antwone fisher and now the great debaters ."
"cesare de martin , mayor of the northern town of san fior near venice , said on friday he planned to give local police digital cameras and instruct them to photograph any cars seen stopping to liaise with prostitutes on the side of the street ."
he still awaits punishment .
"u . s . intelligence officials say al qaeda has established a safe haven in waziristan , just over the border into pakistan and that osama bin laden is believed to be in the area ."
"after spending two months in jail , chung was released on bail of 1 billion won in june ."
he also insisted that most governments around the world agree that kosovo is an eu responsibility .
"however , two men who claim they were unwilling passengers in the car driven by lohan have said she was upset with the daughter of michelle peck ."
"her estranged brother in law , william balfour , 27 , was charged in the killings ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"lara uselding , a spokeswoman for the transportation security administration , said airlines can accept some unusual items with advance planning , as long as they are not prohibited by the tsa ."
"never again will there be a mismanaged natural disaster , he said , later assuring the crowd that it will never happen again in this country you have my commitment and my promise ."
"the ruling national front won more than half of all seats in parliament , but it still suffered unprecedented losses and lost its two thirds majority ."
"the korea herald reports that posco engineering and construction co . , a subsidiary of the nation s largest steelmaker posco co . , is embroiled in a lobbying scandal surrounding an apartment complex project in gwangju , gyeonggi province ."
"beijing s description of the delegation as a private , fact finding mission appeared designed to downplay the significance of the visit and dodge questions about its nature , including the possibility that china s leadership and the exiled tibetan government are trying to reach consensus on the future of the himalayan region ."
at 6 feet 1 inch he is also the shortest of amin s sons .
and back to the future .
"beijing , china cnn a growing number of rich and powerful people in central china are brazenly flouting the country s one child policy , a newspaper said wednesday ."
this unfortunate error breaks my heart .
sheriff s sgt . larry king said a deputy took mccready s baby and another wrestled mccready to the ground .
"once the parade is over , revelers are left standing outside the stadium in a brilliant , slightly silly looking getup , with few options aside from returning to the hotel to watch the rest of the parade on tv ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"on may 29 , 1953 , hillary and tenzing norgay , a sherpa guide , became the first men to climb the 29 , 035 feet to the top of everest and safely return ."
"wall street is reacting with more concern over unemployment , the fate of the big 3 automakers and the broader economy ."
nneka and chimezie ononaku unwittingly poisoned their own four month old son chinonso .
"currently , nine foreigners are under investigation in pusan for conducting performances beyond their visa sanctioned jobs ."
"senna wrote a new will leaving the money only to almeida and a daughter , renata ."
"rafiqullah s father , a poor tradesman from south waziristan in pakistan , had sent his son to a religious school , or madrassa , to learn the koran ."
"high school students were ready to take to the streets to criticize the new college admission plan drawn up by the education ministry , which they say creates a hypercompetitive school environment ."
"in 2004 , the right wheel of a bombardier broke off while landing at kochi airport , also with no injuries ."
"i don t know who killed him , lugovoi , a former security service agent turned businessman , said at a moscow press conference , according to a translation from russia today television ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"london says they help work on memory centers of the brain , including the cerebral cortex and the hippocampus , identified in the diagram above ."
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said the us was very pleased at the signs of progress towards that goal .
"on political blogs , the invective flies ."
"as well as cheney , those named in the case were karl rove , a senior adviser to president george w bush , former deputy secretary of state richard armitage and former white house aide lewis scooter libby ."
"karzai was giving a speech to the elders and residents of andar district in ghazni province when rockets were fired nearby , said ali shah ahmadzai , provincial police chief ."
"i want everyone in here to get drunk , he yelled . i want people stumbling home ."
you don t hear much about charisma in business school .
"harvey died saturday , surrounded by family , at a hospital in phoenix ."
rice and treasury secretary henry paulson made the announcement in a brief appearance before reporters on thursday morning .
"the robotic cat travels back in time from the 22nd century and uses gadgets such as a time machine and an anywhere door that come out of a fourth dimensional pocket on his stomach to help his friends , allowing them to travel anywhere and to any time they wish ."
"pro taliban fighters seized an islamic shrine in restive northwestern pakistan and renamed it after the red mosque , where dozens of militants died this month in a showdown with government forces in the capital , officials said monday ."
and she questions the timing of the release of this video
"several hours later , a powerful aftershock hit the same region ."
living in a cage in hong kong
a senior rebel leader in colombia surrendered sunday 8212 the latest major blow for insurgents who have waged war against the colombian state for 40 years .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
officials in molo say the victims just keep coming by the hundreds .
"the bill then went back to the house of lords , where its legislators first rejected three provisions of the bill ."
"for more than two decades , about 10 petrochemical companies have colluded to rig prices and turn profits unfairly , a top ranking official at korea s antitrust watchdog said yesterday ."
kenny miller scored a memorable debut goal from 30 meters out to give derby a first premier league win of the season against newcastle and lift them off the bottom of the table .
"to an 8 increase in federal spending , no !"
"the number one priority remains the battle against doping which we have to maintain , he stressed ."
"thousands paid their respects to alexandros grigoropoulos at his funeral , but a small number of the protesters there grew violent at the end of the ceremony ."
"action by the congress is urgently required to stabilize the situation , and avert what otherwise could be very serious consequences for our financial markets , and for our economy ."
"a japanese diplomat in seoul told the korea times that yachi s visit to seoul , if realized , signifies japan s willingness to find a negotiated way out of the ongoing quarrel over the rocky islets in the east sea . the south korean government pledged to do its best to seek diplomatic solutions , but said it would accept yachi s travel to seoul should japan suspend its plan to carry out the maritime surveys during the on going negotiations ."
"i retract it , of course , when i said , one is going to raze tehran , he said ."
"for the industry to know what the requirements will be through 2016 is very helpful , as they develop their model lines ."
"about 4 , 000 troops fanned out across the volatile region sunday to search for the missing members of the u . s . led military patrol ."
"we do not want armed conflict , but the people of zimbabwe need the words of indignation from global leaders to be backed by the moral rectitude of military force , tsvangirai wrote in wednesday s edition of the british newspaper the guardian ."
"twenty four f 16 fighter jets were relocating to dobbins air force base near atlanta , georgia ."
the government yesterday threatened all possible measures to curb price increases at apartments scheduled for reconstruction as police expanded an investigation into possible illegal collusion between builders and resident unions .
"the chinese authorities have deployed 20 , 000 soldiers for rescue operations in fujian and zhejiang provinces ."
"we do not want to kill the people and drown the country in blood , and we welcome every step that brings a setback for militias or terrorists and a desire to join the political process so we can minimize the losses and blood , he said ."
"the government was formed in 2004 with the help of the united nations , but has struggled to assert any real control ."
"israel said a wave of aircraft dropped 23 tonnes of explosives on a bunker in south beirut where hezbollah leaders , possibly including senior leader sheikh hassan nasrallah , where believed to hiding ."
"under the deal , israel will release five lebanese prisoners , including samir kuntar , who has been serving four life sentences in israel for a 1979 attack in which he killed a four year old girl and her father , a government official said ."
"usher is slated to release the follow up to 2004 s confessions , which sold 9 million copies in the united states , later this year ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"kumari fulbright , 25 , who is midway through her second year in law school , faces a long prison term if convicted of kidnapping , armed robbery , aggravated robbery and two counts of aggravated assault ."
"earlier this week , federal reserve chairman ben bernanke indicated he didn t think the unemployment rate would hit 10 ."
russian energy monopoly gazprom said thursday it has cut off supplies of natural gas to ukraine after a payment deadline expired .
"still , large scale attacks by terrorists and insurgent groups continue in iraq ."
"there were no us casualties , he said ."
it was followed by a third bomb in the garage a few minutes after that . ambulances and police raced to the scene .
"the occasion is considered the uk s most important constitutional event of the year and is steeped in history , tradition , and regalia ."
"the internet company , based in sunnyvale , california , also said it has told china that it condemns punishment of any activity internationally recognized as free expression ."
rootphi and timbuk2 scrambled to identify and remove the offending bags from its limited collection of prototypes .
"two lebanese soldiers and a fighter were killed monday in the clashes between the army and jund al sham islamic militants in the refugee camp of ein el hilweh in sidon , southern lebanon ."
some have blamed the big swiss banks and the september 11 attacks for the airline s downfall .
"in fact , any level of alcohol consumption resulted in a decline in brain volume ."
"the 20 year old spaniard , who had won four tournaments already this year , started well but just seemed to run out of steam after federer had levelled the match ."
voters in detroit are choosing a new mayor .
"since kabul s administration did not listen to our demand and did not free our prisoners , the taliban shot dead a male korean hostage , yousif said ."
"the omni directional dielectric mirror was created by professor yoel fink , a then 29 year old student in material science at the massachusetts institute of technology mit in 1995 ."
"lesiba sheshoka , a spokesman for south africa s national union of mineworkers , said he could not speak specifically about the conditions at the elandstrand mine . but he pointed to what he called south africa s generally poor mine safety record ."
"additionally , the company said in a written statement , for those who contacted us in the week after the giveaway about difficulties requesting the coupon , we continued to offer free coupons to address any problems they may have encountered ."
another was sent to the village of frixa .
"president barack obama tells c span the supreme court justice he will appoint will not only know the law , but how it works"
"it supplies drinking water to millions of people in dry southern california , as well as irrigation for america s most fertile farming region ."
"that could be enough to refine uranium for one bomb within a year , if iran wanted to and if the machines ran for long periods without breakdown a proficiency iran has yet to demonstrate ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
mugabe representatives have denied that any retaliatory attacks have been going on in the wake of the march 29 presidential and parliamentary election .
"democrats have the numbers to pass the measure , which may get just a handful of gop votes ."
"most diplomatic analysts here agreed that the two communist allies would have in depth consultations on ways to defuse the 18 month long tension , and on china s much needed economic assistance to the impoverished north ."
"her first entry into television came with the jane wyman show , an anthology series that appeared on nbc from 1955 to 1958 ."
"koreans are expected to spend nearly 5 trillion won 5 . 4 billion on overseas education this year , more than 13 percent of the government s 36 trillion won education budget for next year ."
"for example , vitamin d signals the intestines to absorb calcium from foods and to regulate its uptake by bone cells ."
former unification minister chung proposed holding an in depth debate on peace and the economy in a speech accepting his party s nomination on october 15th .
administration officials also said they hoped the summit would lead toward the strengthening of the palestinian government s infrastructure after the recent split between abbas fatah party and hamas .
"the potential for loss of life and serious injury was immense here , he said ."
the korea herald reports seoul city made its demand in a written opinion sent saturday to the constitutional court urging it to rule against roh s plan to move the nation s administrative capital from seoul .
"initiated by the bank of korea , the issue of a new currency has emerged as a major agenda item among academics and politicians ."
"on saturday , voters chose between 14 parties competing for control of the 65 seat legislature ."
"in addition , 39 people were wounded 28 of them critically . the casualties occurred when two suicide bombers rammed their explosives laden vans into the 40 vehicle convoy ."
wednesday s deaths occurred in an agricultural area on the north side of the diyala river from the city .
"ronaldo heaped praise on the teammates who helped him score 42 goals in all competitions last season , a remarkable total for a wide player ."
"movement , comprised of 33 parties and political groups led by sharif s pakistan muslim league n , met sunday to cobble together a joint stance ."
and the new political symbol
"all the hotels in manhattan are pretty much full at whatever rate they want to charge , said the 56 year old , whose travel agent"
"different actors including richard gere , heath ledger , christian bale and cate blanchett play incarnations of dylan at various phases of his public and private life ."
"the new push comes just short of a year since president bush ordered almost 30 , 000 additional troops to iraq to secure baghdad and its surrounding provinces ."
"more than 50 years after the end of the korean war , the united states and north korea opened historic talks on steps to establish diplomatic relations following pyongyang s agreement to dismantle its nuclear program ."
cristiano ronaldo gave manchester united a new year boost by again ruling out a move to spanish giants real madrid .
"south korea has been the second largest contributor to the u . s . led coalition operation in iraq , after britain ."
"he gives you a tax credit with one hand , but he raises your taxes with the other ."
"lg insists the consortium s offer of 3 , 000 won per share is below the fair market price ."
"siniora asked the united nations to include ghanem s killing in its investigation into the hariri slaying , the ap reported ."
exciting is the right way to say it .
"let s get more now , live from the white house and associated press correspondent mark smith"
the genetic data indicated that there were two distinct groups of woolly mammoths which separated about 2 million years ago .
karen haas wanted to know what had been done to prevent tampering .
"a home builder , toll brothers , says it can t project a profit for next year ."
"there s an awful lot of taxicabs on the streets of new york city , bloomberg said tuesday . these cars just sit there in traffic sometimes , belching fumes ."
"more than 200 , 000 tags will hang on trees , indicating the trees were farmed by the coalition s standards ."
"perhaps it s the vast gaps between releases that help make enya , 47 , the emerald isle s second biggest selling artist of all time after u2 ."
zhu said the government is aiming for 7 percent economic growth this year .
"sk telecom co . , south korea s top mobile carrier , said monday it has signed a deal to take over a controlling stake in internet service operator hanarotelecom inc ."
"by summer , more than 2 million americans were waiting for passports"
"some 25 dissidents marched peacefully to a church tuesday in the eastern city of santiago de cuba to request a mass for a dissident arrested earlier in the week , said elizardo sanchez , a leading dissident based in havana ."
they ve got good hitters .
"atlanta , georgia cnn a federal court has ordered a kuwait based contractor to pay nearly 5 million in damages to the family of a u . s . military officer killed in iraq a rare court decision holding a contracting company accountable for its actions in the war ."
"we get this chain reaction in happiness that i think increases the stakes in terms of us trying to shape our own moods to make sure we have a positive impact on people we know and love , he said ."
"qutang , china ap even with months of warning , the rising waters of the yangtze river behind the three gorges dam took thousands of people by surprise ."
"in the first inter korean cargo flight , south korea s red cross will transport blankets , medicine and other aid to north korea on friday to help the communist nation cope with a devastating train explosion ."
the opposition parties have continued to call on the government to reconsider the capital relocation and get the people s consensus before pushing ahead with it .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the meeting follows october s historic summit in pyongyang between the two countries presidents .
"the tables offer harrah s a new way to track its customers habits and behaviors , adding to its sophisticated costumer rewards program that tracks users gambling habits ."
it is not uncommon for preliminary casualty figures to vary
"as many as 200 people were at the church , about 185 miles northwest of nairobi , ktn reporter tony biwott told cnn ."
"several thousand louisiana evacuees who had found shelter in texas are being moved to arkansas and tennessee . the move came as category two hurricane rita moved into the gulf of mexico , after pounding florida and cuba ."
the u . s . plan would install a radar base in the czech republic and 10 interceptor missiles in poland both former soviet satellites that are now nato members .
"a third person was killed and four were hurt when a tornado touched down in rural taylor county near the southwest georgia city of albany , the spokesman said ."
"the drug costs at least 350 a month , plus the price of doctor s visits ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"other than the absence of swimsuits , there was nothing to distinguish it from a traditional beach"
"it is important to stress that it is the making of animal skin drums that is the risk for coming into contact with anthrax rather than playing or handling drums , he told pa ."
the spokesman condemned the missiles of the reckless criminal bush and his lackeys .
"the dalai lama says he wants real autonomy , not independence , for tibet ."
the fate of britney spears was the other red hot topic on the palm springs red carpet .
"separately , an advisor to iraq s finance minister was shot dead as he was driving through western baghdad s predominantly sunni al jamia neighborhood sunday morning , an interior ministry official said ."
"more than half 58 percent of women said they believed so , versus slightly more than a third 35 percent who did not ."
"in valkyrie , cruise plays colonel claus von stauffenberg , who fronted the failed attempt by a group of largely military conspirators to assassinate adolf hitler in july 1944 ."
"i think when any culture is interrupted by the tragedy of war , it s particularly important to go back and visit those ancient traditions , but we are in the 21st century and it s also important to bring those traditions forward , said john burt , the show s executive producer and founding chair emeritus of cambodian living arts , which commissioned the production ."
"this is a new and significant step toward denuclearization , said state department spokesman sean mccormack ."
"in germany the dax 30 ended the day at 6 , 320 , dropping 41 . 23 or 0 . 65 per cent"
"hicks , whose case has drawn international attention , is a former kangaroo skinner captured in afghanistan in december 2001 ."
"similar cases have been reported in new jersey , new york , alabama , utah , pennsylvania , texas and connecticut ."
"the hsbc announcement spurred the over zealous financial supervisory service , the country s financial watchdog , to hold an immediate press conference yesterday denouncing the agreement ."
a malaysian minister has shot down a colleague s plan to restrict women who travel abroad alone .
it was the best overall performance in four years .
encouraging people to get tested is a huge challenge in a country where people with the aids virus still face stigma and shame .
"in washington , state department spokesman sean mccormack said the tape sounded like old news ."
"security consultants said suicide rates were often higher among law enforcement officers than in the civilian population , primarily because of job pressures ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"medvedev had more harsh words for america , criticizing its support for georgia s barbaric aggression in the recent conflict in south ossetia ."
"the killing of witches , or sangumas , is not a new phenomenon in rural areas of the country ."
"about 276 , 000 homes and businesses are without power in michigan , high winds knocking down tree limbs and power lines ."
australian prime minister john howard and his labor rival kevin rudd have been increasing campaign rhetoric ahead of saturday s general elections .
"the fifth round of negotiations toward a korea u . s . free trade agreement began last night in big sky , montana , a resort town in the u . s ."
"the 4 , 300 year old monument most likely belonged to the queen mother of the founder of egypt s 6th dynasty , several hundred years after the building of the famed great pyramids of giza , the country s antiquities chief zahi hawass said as he took the media on a tour of the find ."
"environmental officials say some coral can be preserved despite extensive damage along the sea floor near the spotts dock facility , which is used as an alternative port when seas are too rough for cruise ships to call on the george town harbor ."
we followed campbell and about 30 other amateur spies to a ridge on public land where part of area 51 is actually exposed to public view .
draft likely to be reduced
that is considered dangerously slow for a government that needs to create jobs for millions of new workers who enter the economy every year and to satisfy a public that has come to expect steadily rising incomes .
screenwriters ted elliott and terry rossio have been working overtime .
"rallies are due to be held in london , paris , berlin , dublin , vienna , sydney , washington , toronto , new york , brasilia , bangkok and cape town ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"it requires all of us to rise above differences and truly to be a unified force to defeat this scourge from our land , saleh said ."
his decision to go ahead with it was seen by some as a complicated political gamble .
there is a promise to those who bless israel to be blessed . those who curse it will be cursed .
jones said the new system also makes it easier to send files back and forth between home computers .
six nations check 2nd draft .
economist david wyss of standard poor s wasn t expecting first time claims for unemployment benefits to jump last week to more than a half million
"details of the conference , including its date and location , are to be announced later , the ministry told cnn ."
it was not clear if alfaroon wanted the death penalty for the fifth defendant .
mccain s running mate sarah palin drew the highest ratings in 14 years for the show when she was on snl two weeks ago .
they included eight protesters and a japanese video journalist .
the gloomy news came at the end of a full year of recession .
security experts say the cleric is a founding member of regional islamic militant group jemaah islamiah .
senator obama s plan will kill those jobs just the time when we need to be creating more jobs .
but the move will also have a practical purpose .
"this really is the first time that we have been able to study an extinct animal in the same detail as the ones living in our own time , said stephan schuster , a penn state university biochemistry professor and co author of the research ."
"mustafa akaydin , head of turkey s higher education commission , is against the proposal ."
but moving clocks forward in the spring appeared to have the opposite effect .
"the bridge was being built across the hau river , a branch of the mekong river , in the southern city of can tho ."
"and to quixote winery , the valley s newest spectacle , a hundertwasser design that gaud iacute"
"the tribunal , which includes three cambodian and two international jurists , is expected to continue until at least 2010 ."
"japanese crewmen kidnapped the protesters , from the radical sea shepherd group on tuesday after they tried to board their vessel ."
"currently , spouses surviving their partners are entitled to shares of the inheritance in accordance with the number of their children ."
texts used to tackle south africa hiv crisis
the political can t get more personal than that .
vatican teaching holds that homosexual activity is a sin .
"rice acknowledged that colombia is still wracked by violence related to its half century civil conflict , but she said as a staunch ally and caretaker in the war on drugs , the country deserves continued u . s . support ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"he s 17 or 18 years old , so he s getting up there . we wanted to do the most humane thing for him , said scot henley , executive director of the nonprofit weather observatory ."
republicans have a problem with president barack obama s 3 . 6 trillion tax and spending plan ?
"i actually think it would send the kind of signal that i think the president elect intends , or spoke about in his campaign , and that is that we need to work together . we need to work as americans , scowcroft said ."
45 n . k . defectors broke into the canadian embassy in beijing .
kostunica s comments came after bush said
"there we are in the middle of a scoop and we re beaten to it by a red top tabloid , emily s mother bridget , 74 , told the guardian ."
"on january 7 , two hooded men on a motorcycle pulled up to a bar in rio bonito where senna usually went for a beer ."
students at successtech academy described the gunman as having an odd personality .
"there s no answer , he said ."
"he calls for doing good , depending on brains as well as brawn , ruling fairly , planning well , keeping people s secrets and learning from others mistakes ."
"hundreds of donkeys suffering from open back sores , broken hooves , malnutrition and disease come every week through the clinic , which has operating theaters , recovery rooms and a laboratory ."
"in fact , any level of alcohol consumption resulted in a decline in brain volume ."
"jankovic , world ranked number three , is aiming for her fifth title this year after going out to davenport in a bad tempered quarterfinal match in bali ."
"over the past few years , she said , the threat from climate change has grown and its impact goes far beyond the environment to the very heart of the security agenda ."
"you know , republicans have been saying that this is a partisan process , and democrats have been saying , hey , we authorized this"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"lali s condition is often linked to serious health complications , but the doctor said she was doing well ."
"gerry bodlander , capitol hill ."
draft likely to be reduced
"roh had earlier handpicked his chief policymaker park bong heum to be a channel to the legislature , and his political adviser and former presidential chief of staff moon hee sang as a communication line between him and the de facto ruling uri party ."
al zawahiri s latest message like his last released january 22 had harsh words for president bush and the united states .
"meanwhile , a roadside bomb missed a u . s . convoy in eastern baghdad , killing a 12 year old girl and wounding four other iraqis , police said ."
a revised agreement between seoul and washington was confirmed on saturday after a series of negotiations .
"the media dogged hilton as she made her getaway , jockeying for position and snapping photos of the socialite for miles along the los angeles freeway system ."
"abete also said security would be increased for wednesday s group 8 game with montenegro in lecce , italy ."
"he did , however , speculate on who was behind the poisoning of former spy alexander litvinenko , who died in november , several weeks after being exposed to toxic levels of polonium 210 , naming british intelligence , the russian mafia and political refugee and russian businessmen boris berezovsky as prime suspects ."
"russia has said its constitution does not allow extraditing its citizens to foreign countries and putin has called the request stupid , reuters reported ."
"on average , more than 2 million tourists visit cuba annually ."
"there weren t any problems if the headphones were 3 centimeters , or about 1 . 2 inches , or more above the skin s surface ."
the korea herald reports the gap between the two political heavyweights once shrunk to single digits in some polls amid increased scrutiny from lee s adversaries concerning his vast wealth and key campaign pledge of building a cross country waterway .
"dutch brewer heineken reported a 24 . 8 percent rise in its first half operating profit to 906 million euros 1 . 2 billion after expansion in emerging markets including russia , but warned of higher input costs ahead ."
"white areas of the planet s cloud bands are turning brown and brownish areas are lightening up , the researchers said ."
"the declines were led by the banking industry , with the mining and oil sectors also suffering ."
"the united states on sunday urged north korea to completely and accurately disclose its nuclear weapons programs and any proliferation activities , with less than 24 hours left before the initially agreed deadline for the north to do so ."
"the bill has polarized society in the country , with conservative islamic groups who say tighter controls are needed pressing for its swift passage into law ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"chavez said saturday that the colombian government had violated ecuador s sovereignty and added that , had the operation been conducted on venezuelan soil , he would have declared war against colombia ."
"and that represented 1 . 14 percent of total annual online sales of 61 . 8 billion , according to gartnerg2 , a program of business and technology research company gartner ."
"the chatenay malabry laboratory outside paris rechecked samples from this year s tour after a new test became available to detect cera , an advanced version of epo ."
"olmert also said that tough economic sanctions , instead of military action , can deter iran from building nuclear weapons ."
"i m very sorry , and from now on i m going to pay complete attention to everything ."
"lee still faces allegations over an alleged fraud in 2001 , which he denies ."
he said he was sorry for that incident .
"u . s . presidential candidate , sen . barack obama , led everyone , with 862 , 000 supporters ."
"at a recent party for politicians , businessmen and military officers in moscow , anastasia fit right in ."
the web site is an extension of obama s online strategy during the campaign .
diana and boyfriend dodi fayed were killed when the mercedes benz limousine they were traveling in hit a pillar in the pont de l alma tunnel in paris .
"right now , mccain seems full of energy in tampa , and the ap s warren levinson is covering it live ."
"i think that we should have been more calm during the game and although i was pleased to get a goal back for the team when i came on , i am sorry for the disagreement with my team mate nicklas ."
"reduce saturated fat to no more than 7 percent of total calories , and cholesterol to no more than 200 milligrams per day"
the many swimming pools and fountains are bone dry .
"received positive reactions from other countries to the choice of zoellick , the administration official said ."
seafood and other proteins
"but he lost hundreds of millions of dollars , including company capital , betting against volkswagen stock last year ."
speculation about the french leader and bruni has been rife ever since the two were photographed together during a day trip to disneyland paris last month .
"all three are from the eastern european nation of lithuania but had been living in atlanta , georgia , authorities said ."
"amid an intensifying dispute over the planned takeover of wartime control of south korean troops from the united states , a fresh debate over the so called constitutionality of the command transfer has arisen ."
"london , england cnn the conception of adolf hitler was never going to make for easy reading ."
"in addition to ordering the twice weekly drug tests , gordon ordered spears to spend eight hours per week working with a parenting coach , who was to observe her interactions with her children ."
wall street opened lower this morning on news of more unemployment and less consumer spending .
"torre moved from one storied franchise to another , getting a three year contract ."
"seoul and washington still have to narrow differences in a lot of areas , a spokesman said during a news briefing in washington , d . c ."
"seoul , south korea ap north korea has made a conciliatory gesture toward south korea , proposing high level talks after jeopardizing planned negotiations with the united states with confusing claims about reprocessing spent nuclear fuel for possible atomic weapons ."
"at an age when his identity is up for grabs , he latches onto the kindness shown him by woody and quickly falls in with him and his skinhead friends ."
"our fate is through agreement and the mechanism is to return to the logic of the state and institutions , said amin , without naming hezbollah and amal ."
"and the white house continues to stonewall us when it comes to providing key documents and offering white house officials for interviews , he said ."
"honore mashagiro , a ranger in congo s virunga national park , is the chief suspect in the slaying last summer of 10 gorillas who belonged to a group known to environmentalists as the rugendo family ."
the panel said the chun government had made a secret report on ven .
"nepal s maoist rebels ambushed an army patrol in the east of the country sunday , killing 10 soldiers in the latest outbreak of violence in the revolt torn himalayan kingdom ."
"in a related development , ellen r . sauerbrey , u . s . assistant secretary for the bureau of population , refugees and migration in the state department , will visit thailand next week to discuss the issue of north korean refugees , radio free asia rfa reported ."
"fire officials say a 10 year old who survived the blaze , is in critical condition ."
"they were held at a military base in southern israel before being driven back to egypt on sunday , the newspaper reported ."
"clashes between tibetan protesters and police in aba , sichuan province , saw a police station and cars attacked ."
"costumed as a different critter in each of the eight films , rossellini perhaps best known to american audiences for her roles in the film blue velvet and the tv series alias shares tidbits like these , not all of them so gruesome , and demonstrates the appropriate technique ."
"the mems has successfully measured blood pressures in a healthy dog , a step doctors call a milestone ."
the fed is providing special emergency financing for up to 30 billion in bear stearns assets .
"but the panel , which last month rejected other research by dr hwang , has accepted that he did create the world s first cloned dog ."
"last year , sony was hit by hefty costs for the recall of 9 . 6 million laptop pc batteries that could overheat and catch fire ."
"the mine is in the city of novokuznetsk , about 3 , 000 kilometers 1 , 850 miles east of moscow . it is in a major russian industrial region , with some of the world s largest deposits of coal ."
"amid fierce media criticism in the uk of portuguese police efforts to find the toddler , portugal s ambassador in london , antonio santana carlos , released a statement friday saying , trust the authorities ."
"the second set went with serve to force a tie break , which murray calmly negotiated despite facing two set points after conceding an early 2 0 deficit ."
"i don t know , scorsese said . it s good to have a nomination , especially for this picture ."
"in the 40 years since its recording , carnival of light has acquired near mythical status among beatles fans who argue that the existence of the track provides evidence of the group s experimental ambitions beyond their commercially successfully pop career ."
we started at about 6 p . m . and it is 4 30 a . m . now .
"the french anti doping agency is now willing to retest samples from the 2007 tour and this year s giro d italia and spanish vuelta , but international cycling union president pat mcquaid is against the idea ."
"some incidents involved smoke or flames , according to sony ."
"with half of the results in , clinton was ahead of sen . barack obama by a margin of more than 2 1 ."
"the climbers who were on the bridge for about three hours came down voluntarily about 1 15 p . m . 4 15 p . m . et after workers with the golden gate bridge district began cutting down their banner , ziegenbein said ."
"the national association of broadcasters is opposed , arguing that stations drive listeners to buy music at concert tickets ."
"the move is a blow to the sony playstation game , seen as the console s first launch of an icon to match nintendo s ubiquitous mario , in which rag doll character sackboy negotiates a lavishly designed world of platforms and challenges ."
the world peace forum announced this year s world peace index .
i think all eyes are looking south from the united sates to mexico city to see how a country can be free and treat the naked body as art .
"mosley s lawyer , philippe ouakrat , had requested the site be restricted in france because the fia , the governing body for motor sports that mosley heads , is based in paris ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
flying with the flu ?
the signs of full blown depression are usually more severe and last longer .
"ahmed abdellatif sherif mohamed , 26 , could be sent to prison for 15 years when he is sentenced , according to federal prosecutors ."
"abdul rahman s case has been handed back to the attorney general because of gaps in the evidence , an official said ."
"during the mass , the pope said the church has worked to deal honestly and fairly with this tragic situation and to ensure that children are safe ."
he was convicted of leaking state secrets .
"that s when i knew we had something special , he said . this was a complete shock ."
the italian football league has closed a section of atalanta s stadium for four months after rioting by fans two weeks ago .
some german media reports say klatten is one of four rich german women who have been preyed on by the same gang .
"but malaysia s internal security department demanded the word be removed , saying only muslims could use it ."
"last week , the israeli government declared gaza hostile territory , and there has been a spate of attacks since then ."
scientists at the university of north carolina find adding choline to the diets of pregnant animals improves memory performance in their offspring .
"the agency attributed the surge to strife in somalia , where riots continued in the capital city of mogadishu for the second day tuesday ."
it was not clear why the woman needed help to kill herself .
the results will be ratified on jan . 4 .
the government touts tourism as a job generator .
"dubbed one vote 08 , the bipartisan political push aims to get president bush s successor to commit to taking concrete steps to combat hunger and disease while improving access to education and water across the globe ."
"22 as takeshima day , which awaits a floor vote in the plenary session wednesday ."
the guns n roses singer says dr .
"public outcry and unrest over the fraud led to three deaths last week , including one investor s suicide ."
draft likely to be reduced
"only three husband , anderson and indian born chawla had flown before ."
"as the rage cooled and life got back to normal in falluja yesterday , many townspeople said they felt a mixture of pride and shame ."
developers suggest the finished building will be at least 1 km tall .
"but secretary of state condoleezza rice and defense secretary robert gates were opposed , the official told army radio , according to the newspaper ."
"ferguson sprung a tactical surprise by playing rooney , ronaldo and ryan giggs as a three man attacking midfield unit to support smith , recalled for only his fourth start of the season , as the lone striker ."
"the waterfront along the yarra river is lined with restaurants and shops and , for those so inclined , the grand crown casino ."
"because of the unusually high temperatures all our lifeguards have been put on high alert , plyasunov told the vesti 24 news channel ."
i cannot imagine that somewhere down the road some other collection could come out of the woodwork and rival this .
"washington cnn mike huckabee and barack obama , the front runners in the race for the white house after thursday s iowa caucuses , offer clearly different views on iraq ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"in new york on friday , the dow jones industrial average fell 315 . 79 , or 2 . 51 percent , to 12 , 266 . 39 ."
tebow s the man and florida fans are overjoyed .
"american cigarettes , particularly marlboros , have been the main target of a boycott of u . s . made products organized several months ago by palestinian activists ."
"anybody with any brains has advocated that , but not the politicians ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"it will be more difficult for fraud to take place if we all vote , rodriguez said at a news conference tuesday ."
"secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday that proving north korea s claims of its past nuclear activities is likely to take a long time , but establishing a process to do so could advance a long stalled nuclear agreement ."
he was speaking as the un debated a statement strongly deploring the recent crackdown on peaceful protests .
"haw began his round the clock vigil in june 2001 to protest the sanctions imposed on iraq and , later , the invasion by britain and the united states ."
"so far , the virus has sickened 24 , 934 children on the chinese mainland , authorities said . all 42 people who died have been children ."
"earlier this year , a man meeting his description was spotted in sicily , italy ."
"the who says the disease is spreading via international travelers , and nations across asia are fighting to contain the illness ."
"indeed , biometric identification systems are a bit harder to fool than simply getting the password right ."
"illinois offenders face similar restrictions , including a ban on dressing in a costume ."
the nasdaq and s p were suffering similar falls of about 5 . 75 percent .
"from private talks between george bush and uk pm tony blair , the memo makes it clear the us was determined to go to war whether or not he had un backing ."
even simple meditation techniques such as saying a mantra in your head or watching your breath can make a big difference .
a pair of passenger trains has crossed the heavily fortified border between north and south korea for the first time in more than 50 years .
these include the kidnapping of police and people the mosque s leaders say are involved in immoral activities such as prostitution .
many people have been afraid to return to their homes because of fears of another tsunami .
"with about 2 , 800 combat troops in the northern iraqi town of irbil , south korea has been put on high alert due to repeated warnings from islamic terrorist groups ."
"obama told reporters on his campaign plane thursday , i have no idea how much money we ve raised , but we ve been paying our bills . right now , i believe we re doing very good ."
"without removal of the mice , both the albatross and the bunting that live there are doomed to extinction , grahame madge , a conservation spokesman for the rspb , told cnn ."
a spokesperson for the 22 year old prince says he is very disappointed by the decision .
"for example , a game called jewel diver has players keep track of underwater jewels that pop up on the screen for a moment before they are hidden under fish swimming around ."
"the report describes the boeing 777 hitting problems 600 feet off the ground and descending rapidly , just making it onto heathrow land ."
"the south koreans and taliban representatives have been talking by phone for several days and planned to determine a location for their first face to face talks by the end of the day , said gov . marajudin pathan , the leader in ghazni province , where the koreans were kidnapped ."
chun appointed himself the country s fifth president in 1980 after a massacre in may in kwangju .
it was unclear whether lee would accept the offers .
"the pakistani military is already there in the tribal area , kasuri said . pakistan s commitment cannot be doubted by anybody ."
then williams lost sight of the couple as they turned into a hallway outside the cnn . com newsroom . slide show cnn . com newsroom evacuated
"she said the meteor could appear , cloud cover permitting , as bright as a full moon , and may produce a loud boom or popping noise ."
"it was around 38 feet at mid day , and the weather service says it ll fall another 2 feet by thursday morning ."
the film is based on a short story written by f . scott fitzgerald in the 1920s .
"according to the book contemporary black biography , she was adored in europe in the 1950s as a cabaret singer ."
"founding member don henley said during a private weekend concert that the band was nearing completion on an album of all new material , the las vegas review journal reported on tuesday ."
"merseyside chief constable bernard hogan howe said the boy , who lived nearby with his parents and 17 year old brother , was an innocent victim ."
it raised hopes in seoul to solve the latest round of diplomatic disputes peacefully .
"however , deep brain stimulation also has a correspondingly greater risk of problems , such as infection , because of the complicated surgery , according to the study published tuesday in the journal of the american medical association ."
"tiger 327 will make the three day jet and helicopter journey , via hong kong and johannesburg , in a cargo box with only water , although zhang lin of save china s tigers said tigers can go for five days without food in the wild ."
"but balancing social and environmental concerns with the interests of a growing population in search of higher incomes and living standards , is the greatest challenge of all ."
"earlier , pakistan s supreme court cleared the way for another five year presidential term for general pervez musharraf ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"aloha airlines said sunday it will halt all passenger service after monday , signaling the end of an airline that has served hawaii for more than 60 years ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"paris hilton was let out of jail thursday morning , days after she began serving what was to have been a 45 day sentence for violating probation , a spokesman for the los angeles county sheriff s department said ."
"capt . louis mulkey , 34 11 years"
"in october 2006 , a turkish man hijacked a turkish jetliner with 113 people aboard en route from the albanian capital tirana for istanbul ."
"fiscal incentives alone are not going to do the trick if the advertising campaigns of the car industry are only for powerful cars , the bigger the better ."
"nancy peterson , feral cat program manager for the humane society , urges vets to educate cat owners about destructive scratching ."
cnn angry serbs torched checkpoints between serbia and kosovo and triggered explosions tuesday to protest kosovo s independence declaration and international recognition of the breakaway state .
you ve planned a trip to paris and can t wait to get to the city of lights .
"cnn a truck flipped on its side sunday on a highway in sacramento , california , and let loose its cargo of honey bees ."
"five home runs from tying hank aaron s record of 755 , bonds is beloved in san francisco but booed in most other cities following years of suspicion that he used performance enhancing drugs ."
"gonzales was also questioned on the white house s use of wire tapping for terrorism surveillance , which critics have said is illegal ."
but the gnp is to appeal to the prosecution to investigate roh for his challenge of the election law . it said monday s ruling was not satisfactory .
rocky later told another commander called rambo that he had killed 101 men .
"i respectfully ask that the media allow me to receive care and heal in private during this difficult time , the 38 year old actor said in a statement released through publicist ina treciokas ."
secretary of state condoleezza rice held productive talks monday with israeli and palestinian leaders and said she expects more negotiations in a bid to restart the mideast peace process .
living in a cage in hong kong
"ahead of the announcement of the results by central election commission chairman kuandyk turgankulov , the ansdp said it had gathered photographic evidence of a range of violations including multiple voting and campaign literature for nur otan in polling stations ."
to earn some bimbo cash you will have to gasp work or find a boyfriend to be your sugar daddy and hook you up with a phat expense account !
"the incumbent kibaki narrowly won a new term in december amid allegations the vote was rigged , sparking weeks of chaos and violence ."
makoto kobayashi of the high energy accelerator research organization and toshihide maskawa of kyoto university will each receive a quarter of the prize .
"the bangkok airports have been closed for two days , leaving the city without any access to air traffic , stranding thousands of passengers and dealing a severe blow to the economy at the height of the tourist season ."
5 . the s in tsa doesn t stand for security . it was some summer for the transportation security administration .
and he gives a lot of people hope . and that s good for the country .
pope benedict xvi called for peace in the middle east and an end to the exploitation of children in the homily he delivered early thursday during the annual christmas eve midnight mass in st . peter s basilica .
"i cannot imagine why this lack of experience was not made public months ago and acted on then before time and effort was wasted , the statement said ."
"the centers for disease control and prevention cdc now recommends that all adults get a pertussis booster shot to strengthen their immunity , yet only 2 percent of adults have had their shots updated ."
"meanwhile , the top u . s . military commander in south korea stressed that the militaries of the united states and south korea must cooperate to cope with the nuclear standoff ."
new york cnn sony corp . on thursday cut the price of its playstation 3 game console in the u . s . and announced an even cheaper model that will arrive before the holiday shopping season .
"senior members from cheong wa dae , the prime minister s office and the uri party would participate in weekly meetings ."
"the saunier duval team were notified by the international cycling union uci that iban mayo had tested positive for epo following a test on july 24 which was a rest day on the tour de france , read a statement on the team s website ."
"the cafe s arrested owner told police he got his business idea from foreign porn web sites and was very proud of bringing a new culture of free sex in korea , said police sgt ."
"tim curzan s dog , joe , found the pants at an intersection , according to a police report ."
"from late 2006 until recently , we have spotted north korean troops near the inter korean border in inje , gangwon province , unloading sacks of rice marked with the red cross symbol , the military source said , on condition of anonymity ."
"canberra , australia cnn plans to slaughter 400 kangaroos living on an abandoned military site near the capital of australia have been put on hold due to public opposition , the defense department said monday ."
"we believe that some form of stress may be suppressing immune systems of bees , ultimately contributing to ccd ."
"the country s monarch , king gyanendra , gave up most powers earlier that year after an uprising against his direct rule ."
the prime minister said americans are basing their hunches about iranian activities in iraq on intelligence they ve amassed . watch al maliki talk about the situation in iraq
viruses actually need population density as fuel .
"tripoli , libya libya s highest judicial body said on tuesday it had commuted the death sentences against six foreign medics to life imprisonment ."
"if the clumps were farther from saturn , they might aggregate even more to make a moon but because they are so close to the massive planet , they get stretched apart ."
jabbar yawar said three planes bombed positions in a mountainous area north of irbil for about an hour .
korea to double african aid by . . .
those voters made up a majority 54 percent of all those respondents .
"the capsule arrived after a more than three hour return trip from the orbital station , carrying space tourist charles simonyi , russian cosmonaut mikhail tyurin , and american astronaut michael lopez alegria , according to a spokesman at mission control outside moscow ."
"david beckham is known in every part of the world , said brown who has already spoken in support of england hosting the 2018 showpiece ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"cnn china s giant pandas are believed to be safe after monday s earthquake , but concern is growing over how they will get their next meals ."
"we find the fullness of life not only in options , but in commitments ."
"beijing is trying to promote conservation , but the government is reluctant to adopt binding emissions limits , arguing that its people are too poor and its companies lack technology to set stringent goals ."
"while you want to show that you re goal oriented , be certain you don t come off as entitled or ready to leave behind a job you don t even have yet ."
demonstrations are planned in 12 cities worldwide against burma s continuing detention of democracy leader aung san suu kyi and other political prisoners .
london based ba said the exploratory talks would look at creating a dual listed company but offered no other details .
past apologies from japan are not enough to appease south koreans .
"one witness said the boy , a keen everton fan , was shot after a youth league football match on wednesday evening ."
"a ship carrying the first delivery of fuel to north korea , under a key nuclear disarmament deal , has left a south korean port ."
she added that her late husband would be elated a black man will be president .
cristiano ronaldo gave manchester united a new year boost by again ruling out a move to spanish giants real madrid .
"however , there was cause for fresh hope monday after the military junta which rules myanmar decided to accept aid from its neighboring countries ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the cutty sark , thought to be the world s only surviving 19th century tea clipper and a prime relic of the golden age of sail , was engulfed by flames monday , causing extensive damage to one of london s most popular tourist attractions ."
"what they re doing to me is cowardice , she told rio s o globo newspaper after her arrest ."
"the two are each other s third biggest trade partners , and north korea has invested about 15 billion in china , much of it near their border ."
"separately , police said 30 bullet riddled bodies were found by iraqi police across the capital on sunday ."
"then again , barcelona may the best backdrop . especially this year ."
"kcna said the uss james e . williams and a helicopter rushed to the scene and helped the sailors in fighting , threatening the pirates over walkie talkie ."
"singapore has in recent years relaxed censorship regulations for some films and plays , in an effort to loosen up and market the modern and wealthy city as a media and arts center . but controls remain tight in the conservative island nation ."
the blaze started in two adjacent rooms on the fifth floor of the 19 story central government building just after 12 30 a . m .
scientists have been hoping the whales which appear to have been wounded by a ship s propeller would begin swimming westward toward the pacific ocean on their own .
bush said there was no one person or event to blame for the recent u . s . economic woes .
"you cannot superimpose the human rights and democracy environment of a western country onto other countries , musharraf added . that is the error that the west and the western media makes . this does not work at all and this must stop ."
"london is a hub for film , especially in the short film category . and i could not have done it without the cwff who were willing to accept something completely different ."
"as of the end of 2005 , hyundai together with its affiliate kia formed the world s no . 6 automaker in both production and sales , according to automotive news , a publication that tracks the global vehicle industry ."
it was unknown whether the tumor was benign or malignant .
the nobel laureate has been praised as the most influential british playwright of his generation .
"he had told the north korean officials the us thought that was too long , he added ."
"some dell latitude and inspiron models shipped between november 2004 and november 2005 are also covered by the recall , as well as some toshiba satellite and tecra laptops sold from april 2005 to october 2005 ."
another showed a naked prisoner handcuffed to a bed with women s underwear over his head .
"the camera shook , but the photographer continued filming and traveled through the smoke filled hallways ."
"businesses need to protect telephone conversations and electronic messages from competitors , industrial spies , and private investigators ."
two thirds of members must attend before an official session can be held . the next session has been scheduled for october 23 .
"rice s meeting with tzipi livni comes after israel approved a plan to expand a west bank settlement , which the us called not helpful ."
vermont governor jim douglas says there s no time to lose on this .
"i apologize here and now as prime minister , he said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the crown prosecution service said campbell faced five charges three counts of assaulting a constable , one count of disorderly conduct and one count of using threatening , abusive words or behavior to the crew of the airplane ."
you shouldn t leave tokyo without indulging in kaiseki
"the colorado river downstream used to be warm and muddy , but now it s cold and clear ."
"united nations ap the united nations on wednesday reduced its estimate of the global population in 2050 by 400 million , primarily because of the prolonged and worsening impact of the aids epidemic and lower than expected birth rates ."
the sentence was suspended for five years meaning park will not be jailed if he stays out of trouble for that long .
a man died after falling from his balcony in hsinchu and a woman was electrocuted after falling from her motorcycle in tainan .
"six foot 1 inch 1 . 85 meters , with a 25 . 5 inch 64 . 8 centimeters waist , mimi has already modeled in europe and she knows that is where she wants to be ."
the bush administration has so far refused to co operate with the congressional investigation .
iceland s exchange was also closed while the government rushed to draft a plan to deal with the financial turmoil s impact on its over leveraged banking sector .
"on monday , french foreign minister bernard kouchner said all options remained open for paris concerning a possible boycott of the opening of the beijing olympics , the ap reported ."
the billions of dollars being spent in iraq could be better used to improve things in america .
"we re aware of the tape , a government official , who didn t want to be identified , told cnn ."
"i have a responsibility and it s something that i did wrong , and if i could personally apologize to every single person that has lost a loved one from drunk driving i would , richie said ."
the one hundred twelve people on the boeing 737 used emergency chutes to escape the burning plane .
"the messenger spacecraft , launched in 2004 , buzzed 124 miles 200 km above mercury s surface monday at almost 15 , 000 mph ."
"yes , answers hashem , a 18 year old computer enthusiast who recently returned to this southwestern city after living in pakistan as a refugee ."
"all told , the automakers are looking for 34 billion in loans ."
"indiana jones doesn t give up his secrets lightly , and neither does the man pulling his strings ."
the retired veterinarian was training with a triathlon team 150 yards 137m offshore when he was attacked across both legs before the animal swam away .
living in a cage in hong kong
the march was aimed at pressuring gen musharraf to ease current restrictions .
"deutsche telekom only recently agreed to honor its sponsorship contract until 2010 , but reserved the right to terminate it at any time ."
in 1991 he was arrested after painting pink a soviet tank that served as a prague war memorial .
"he was released on 4 , 500 bail ."
"despite the animals size , experts admire the miura breed for their power and grace , which inspired legendary italian car maker ferruccio lamborghini to name one of his most famous sports cars after the animals ."
"and yet rather than stop it from happening , george bush s washington was an enabler , caving in to lobbyists and letting our economy go down a dangerous road ."
"public works minister eduardo bitran and a team of engineers will fly to the area on monday to check a local bridge that was damaged by the quake , she said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
najaf is an al sadr stronghold and a shiite hub .
"moscow , russia cnn priests have tried unsuccessfully to persuade members of a doomsday cult to leave a cave in southern russia where they remain barricaded inside despite the intervention of their leader ."
"the first after his original car was stolen , and the second three months later after two armed men pointed guns at him , got in and drove off with cruz inside ."
"when asked by a lawyer whether he would be prepared to kill americans , he said"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the rally came on the day her latest detention period was due to expire .
"after an autopsy proved inconclusive , his death was termed suspicious ."
"with no michigan or florida delegates included , obama led clinton by 202 delegates ."
"the good news if you get your regular tetanus diptheria td booster every 10 years , you won t need an extra jab for pertussis ."
"the threatened departure of kim hong up , son of former president kim dae jung , means the country s newest party could be one of its most short lived ."
democrat house speaker nancy pelosi said the us public had lost faith in the president s strategy .
the militants have extended their ultimatum on the fate of the south koreans at least three times .
professional basketball star tony parker married desperate housewives star eva longoria at a civil ceremony in paris on friday a prelude to their expected star studded weekend wedding bash at a lavish and storied chateau .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
dallaglio had previously retired in 2004 but returned to the international fold two years later .
"five of the executives are said to have been paid at least 4 million each , and more than 70 got at least a million dollars ."
stock markets have plummeted in recent days as anxiety over the credit crisis which began in the implosion of u . s . housing prices has spread worldwide .
"both the eu and the united states fully back independence for kosovo , a province of serbia that has been under u . n . control since shortly after nato warplanes forced out serbian forces in 1999 ."
"survivors crawled out of the wreckage through thick smoke , many of them badly burned ."
"indonesia s environment minister said tuesday that global warming was to blame after the capital of jakarta was partially flooded , forcing thousands of people to flee homes and cutting off a highway to the international airport ."
he has said he has no plans to mount a new campaign but spoofed the speculation during an earlier appearance at the oscars .
mega blockbusters of 2002 that helped fill studio coffers included a quiver of spin offs of established characters as well as a bevy of sequels to previous hit movies that the studios were keen to cash in on .
"ignoring the fact that only roh and kim dae jung had ever had ever met with north korean leader kim jong il , grand national party spokeswoman nah kyoung won illogically commented if it s true that the meeting today was held only to explain the outcome of the summit , as the blue house says , all of the former presidents should have been invited ."
"the new york times inference that there is an effort to mislead in this matter is pernicious and troubling , and we are formally requesting that nyt correct the sub headline of this story , a statement from the white house press secretary s office says ."
"now he estimates that in the next 18 months , there will be more than 7 , 000 residents just in the core of downtown ."
"the korea herald is reporting that in an audit session at city hall yesterday , the mayor of seoul again shrugged off allegations that he had financed recent rallies against relocating the national capital ."
they declined to give further details .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
and the treasury and fed are lighting the blow torch to further thaw the credit pipeline .
"chung s lawyers asked the judge to hand down a suspended jail term , saying the chairman deserves a lenient penalty considering his contribution to the growth of korea s car industry and his role in the automobile group ."
he said it would appear in stores in june but gave no specific date .
it could also threaten the catch of fishermen .
"the teenager who called 911 was hospitalized in stable condition , rodriguez said ."
"labbadia , who was italian born , played twice for germany s national team and 328 bundesliga games for several teams , including bayern munich and werder bremen ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2994068
"south korean unification minister chung dong young said the issue would be discussed before the next round of talks , which is set to take place in november ."
major general richard newton said ground crews had failed to follow procedures .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"ban arrived in the iraqi capital thursday morning on an unannounced visit , his first to the war torn country since taking office in january ."
new york cnn a group representing thousands of taxi drivers said last week it will idle cabs in september if the city goes ahead with a plan to require installation of gps tracking systems .
"the company did extensive market research beforehand , then tested it out on the real experts at home ."
"nervous investors jumped out of the market for the second time in two weeks , sending major indexes tumbling by between 2 and 3 percent ."
"in a similar sign of reconciliation , mourners at virginia tech have added a 33rd stone representing cho s life to a victims memorial on the school s drill field ."
"gunfire broke out sunday afternoon outside the presidential palace after thousands of haitians , including the rebel leader guy philippe , marched through the capital alongside a convoy of armed united states marines , calling for a new government and a new army in haiti ."
"lebanese presidents are elected by the national assembly for a six year term and may not serve consecutive terms , according to the cia factbook ."
"moore s law , named in the 1970s after chip guru charles moore , states that the speed and power of computer processors , powered by silicon chips , doubles every 18 months ."
yonhap reports a top ranking political partner of president lee myung bak announced sunday he will challenge a prominent former liberal presidential candidate in a seoul district in the april 9 general elections .
and a prince is much more able to speak his mind than a king or queen because of constitutional restraints placed on the person heading the house of windsor .
"people usually turn to him in times of crisis , even though strictly speaking his powers are limited as a constitutional monarch ."
"i was walking directly toward them and he and i were eye to eye , and so i started looking at his right hand to see if he had something , said williams , who works in technology services for turner broadcasting ."
"the network , believed to be funded by raghad hussein , has been linked to a series of attacks on coalition forces using rocket propelled grenades and roadside bombs , the military said ."
flying with the flu ?
"we showed them how to stabilize the animals , to feed them and give them proper care , she said ."
this prompted a senior us senator to call for all toys being imported into the country from china to be inspected .
they will attend the party s national convention later this year when the republican candidate is chosen .
obama also said he would repeal the bush tax cuts for the wealthiest 1 percent of americans .
the first center opened in 1995 for 100 children .
"the force of the blow pushed the woman backward and she died when she hit her head on the boat deck , officials said ."
"in recent weeks human rights groups and a number of hollywood personalities , including steven spielberg , have stepped up criticism of china s record ."
"you can t just let them keep multiplying in town , trively said tuesday ."
"heart disease is the no . 1 cause of death in men and women in the united states each year , killing nearly 900 , 000 people in 2004 ."
officials later called police to control the line before the sugar was sold .
"travel and leisure stocks were standout gainers , with hotel group accor rallying 10 percent and intercontinental hotel up 4 percent as private equity firm blackstone group agreed to buy hilton hotels for about 20 billion plus debt , spurring talk of further industry consolidation ."
"in an interview with the joong ang ilbo , the washington official who covers korean peninsula affairs said that north korea openly mentioned pakistan s nuclear arms status during the six party talks last year ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s attorney general monday rejected a plan by opposition lawmakers to reinstate the country s ousted supreme court justices within 30 days of parliament s first session ."
"manjhi s father looked into a legal adoption , but indian law does not allow single men to adopt ."
"the couple own homes in london , los angeles , california , and new york , and a 1 , 200 acre retreat in wiltshire , england ."
"others are busy in the shipboard oceaneer club playing the latest video games , watching movies in seats designed to look like clam shells and climbing on the pirate ship play structure ."
"the frenchwoman identified as the mother of two babies found in the freezer of their family home in seoul confessed wednesday that she killed a total of three babies , a police source at the french public prosecutor s office told reuters ."
"as long as people have faith and belief in our party platforms , there will be a way out ."
the organization s report titled primary health care
"london , england cnn two british teenagers have been sentenced to nine months in prison for trying to smuggle cocaine out of ghana , a spokesman for britain s foreign office said wednesday ."
overall auto sales in the united states were down 37 last month compared with november 2007 .
less than 1 . 5 percent between abstainers and heavy drinkers .
"most sword swallowing injuries happen either after another smaller injury when the throat is tender and swollen , or while doing something out of the ordinary , like swallowing multiple swords , said meyer , who went a month without solid food after doing the latter in 2005 ."
"to counter these concerns , the european commission has spent 1 billion euros 1 . 5 billion on security improvements along its eastern fringes , including thermal imaging to track illegal migrants ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
we hold them responsible and accountable .
"he spoke shortly after the leader of the key opposition party conceded defeat in an election that focused on immigration , welfare and taxes ."
jabr spoke as the us warned the baghdad government not to let sectarian militias take over detention centers .
"yahoo reported net income of 54 million , or 4 cents per share , a decline of 51 from a year ago ."
"there is ugly , and then there is ugly ."
"his label , chess records , is a midwestern precursor to sun records , located behind a storefront with rotating vinyl logo on chicago s south side ."
"the official title would be assistant to the president for iraq and afghanistan policy implementation , the official added ."
"in 1865 one of madison s former slaves , paul jennings , wrote the first white house memoir"
flying with the flu ?
"bhp billiton fell 2 . 7 percent and anglo american by 2 . 1 percent , while bp and total also declined ."
the company said trading was suspended monday to avoid any disorderly market and volatility in the securities of the company that may result from further release of unverified allegations in the media .
"but he apparently gave seoul the nod to carry on constructing an industrial complex in kaesong , another key project of south korea s sunshine policy of economically engaging north korea ."
the governor has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing .
"demands to formalize putin s future role have topped the agenda of his united russia party , which won a landslide victory in a parliamentary election last sunday . most russians would not think worse of president vladimir putin if he breached the constitution and ran for a third term in march presidential elections , according to an opinion poll published on wednesday ."
"the lawsuit , filed in state supreme court in manhattan , also names cbs president and ceo leslie moonves , viacom inc . , viacom chairman sumner redstone and former cbs news president andrew heyward ."
you put so much art and soul into it .
"chung s prolonged incarceration could have a grave impact on the industry as well as the national economy so a suspended sentence is likely , said yong dae in , an analyst at goodmorning shinhan securities ."
"if you were looking for someone to write a pithy satire dishing the dirt on the highs and lows of hollywood , then a list producer art linson would be a pretty good bet ."
musharraf has survived two assassination attempts .
"a number of ships are in southern waters on the trail of the hunters , including an australian patrol ship that plans to video the whalers for a possible legal challenge , and the steve irwin , belonging to the radical sea shepherd conservation society . a schism has emerged between the protest groups as greenpeace has pledged to take non violent action to prevent the hunt , while sea shepherd has suggested more direct action to shut the criminals down ."
after serving the people of illinois in the united states senate
"big island , hawaii"
archaeologists believe a desert site in jordan may contain the ruins of the elusive king solomon s mines .
her trial is to begin next month .
"house republican leader john boehner said congress needs to provide money for u . s . troops to continue fighting terrorists in iraq , where al qaeda linked islamic militants have taken root since the u . s . invasion in 2003 ."
oil is trading above 124 a barrel in asia after a record settlement in the previous session .
"you know , what we need is better , smarter , tougher regulations ."
the amount of crying babies can tolerate varies by age .
the second phase of the attack could include an invasion with israeli troops and armor massed along the gaza border .
"the 6 . 1 magnitude temblor struck about 3 46 p . m . 11 46 a . m . et , according to the u . s . geological survey ."
"on monday , a severed human leg was reportedly found in a small river in central tokyo ."
"breaking tradition , the outgoing speaker of the house did not shake the new members hands or greet them as they walked up the sign the roll book ."
"dutch designer michiel van der kley has come up with globus , a stylish spherical podule that looks like a piece of art , but is actually a mobile work station ."
the internet is a huge network of networks .
"coming alongside cole s boat , sarkozy , clad only in swim trunks , jumped aboard and began shouting at them ."
"all the rabbits are interconnected , and as we know , they multiply fast ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
this was a not a legal divorce .
fierce winds are fanning at least 16 fires that have razed land from santa barbara to the mexican border .
"in a smooth , quick motion , bouloux snatches the white molar from the woman s gum with a loud snap ."
"the united states is the world s largest energy consumer in terms of total use , and fluctuations in demand there can have an outsized impact on international"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the union made its decision after taking into account the negative response from the korean people as well as the union members , the release said ."
"north korea agreed to resume the nuclear negotiations , involving china , japan , the two koreas , russia and the u . s . , after the united states offered unspecified concessions during rare bilateral talks in berlin in january ."
to a large degree company drinking sessions are used as a way of getting workers to socialize .
"mesirow financial chief economist diane swonk says , however , that there are bound to be bad days ahead , kind of like springtime weather in chicago"
plame s name appeared in the media in 2003 after her husband criticized the bush government over iraq .
"london , england cnn supermodel naomi campbell has been sentenced to 200 hours of community service after pleading guilty to assaulting two police officers following an air rage incident at london s heathrow airport ."
"by the time work crews diverted the leak to proper drainage and placed a patch over the leak , about 20 barrels of water had escaped from the pipe ."
"she intends to seek a third term as prime minister , possibly under a powersharing deal with pakistan s president , gen . pervez musharraf ."
"the ceiling lighting is by designer herve descottes , who lit up the mona lisa in the louvre , and it s crisscrossed by glowing lines that mimic the traffic patterns of paris ."
the former us deputy defense secretary joined the world bank in 2005 .
"president roh moo hyun urged the national assembly and the public to support the bill , saying it is in the country s strategic interest ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the death toll has reach about 1 , 000 lives and has left thousands displaced since the election ."
"incredible individual , branson said ."
the epa advises anyone with a suppressed immune system or anyone who s concerned about bacteria to refrain from drinking coffee or tea on an airplane .
"one out of every 8 . 4 economically active people are credit defaulters , but the government is attempting to cover up the severity of the issue , according to a lawmaker ."
"elden has snagged an internship with street artist shepard fairey , creator of the ubiquitous warhol esque red , white and blue barack obama posters ."
"the parliamentary vote was originally scheduled for tuesday but the udp , the largest party , boycotted the session , citing his alleged underreporting of wealth and real estate speculation ."
"the culprits , the institute said , are red eared turtles , which had been imported into korea from the late 1970s until 2001 to dress up home aquariums ."
"the storm canceled hundreds of flights at airports in chicago , where midway airport measured 10 inches of snow sunday morning ."
"the white house said it strongly condemned ghanem s killing , immediately labeling it as a politically motivated assassination ."
yahoo has previously said it had to comply with chinese laws to operate in the country .
"you have crossed the borders , nasrallah said , accusing israel of extending the simmering conflict between israel and hezbollah beyond the lebanese frontier ."
we believe the campus to be completely safe at this time .
"julie wagner , a manager at the san francisco based title company , confirmed that jackson s property was set for auction ."
"we presented a comprehensive proposal that responded to the union s concerns about loss of jobs and earnings and attempted to address our need for some flexibilities in running our business , st . martin said ."
"the team that won the opener has captured the series 63 of 103 times , including 10 of the last 11 ."
"the infant , ana marie , remains hospitalized ."
"schilling , who hasn t pitched this season , decided last week to have the operation after the rehabilitation the team preferred didn t relieve the pain he felt when throwing from a mound at far below maximum effort ."
"dna tests have shown that the husband of a japanese woman abducted by north korea is almost certainly a kidnapped south korean , japanese officials say ."
"the number of dead killed from cyclone sidr now at 3 , 114 is expected to rise yet further as the south asian nation continues to assess the damage ."
"it was described as a heck of a firefight from the commanding officer on scene , but he s very proud of how the crews reacted and the outcome of this incident ."
officials said he had been caught in the cross fire .
"this seems to be the second leg of the global fall in equities and there is very little impetus to jump in and buy , one trader told reuters . it s time to fasten seat belts ."
the slides monday come on the back of days of unrelenting financial turmoil and despite u . s . lawmakers agreeing a 700 billion bailout plan late friday .
"that attack also killed three iraqi civilians and an iraqi interpreter , the us said ."
"dr hwang has admitted errors , but claims his work was sabotaged ."
"the cnn opinion research corporation poll was conducted by telephone from friday through sunday , with 1 , 019 americans questioned , including 227 registered democrats who said they support clinton and 218 registered democrats who said they back obama ."
but while about half of 911 calls come from cell phones
"several policemen were also injured in the clash in the western sichuan province , xinhua news agency reported ."
the korea times reports it is the first time washington has given official refugee status to north koreans since the u . s .
"but earlier this year the government announced a ban on names using arabic numerals , foreign languages and symbols that do not belong to chinese minority languages ."
"then , six weeks ago , he decided it should be obama s face ."
"in some cases , the documents say , the planes flew for 30 months after government inspection deadlines had passed and should have been grounded until the inspections could be completed ."
"earlier the cuban leader , who turns 80 this month , was quoted as saying that a punishing schedule in recent weeks had affected his health ."
"mindful of this , lovejoy , a trim 34 year old vegetarian keeps a decree from her superego over her desk"
the u . s . accuses syria of not doing enough to stop the influx of militants into iraq .
this would be the biggest cut in u . s . force levels in the region since the vietnam war .
"but , he added , clearly the video is edited to include only the verbal context the iranians wanted to include ."
"q some fans are really intrigued by the change and what is she going to do next , and then there are other fans who are appalled ."
"paramount s tale of a giant reptile causing chaos in new york city surpassed the 35 . 9 million premiere weekend of the star wars special edition in 1997 , the previous best for january ."
"having collected many dangerous enemies including leotardo , christopher was widely expected by sopranos fans to meet a violent demise by the series end ."
"in the united states , the honeybee , the world s premier pollinator , experienced a dramatic 40 percent decline , from nearly six million to less than two and a half million , in the last two decades ."
"the 7 . 9 magnitude quake injured 288 , 431 people , with another 29 , 328 missing , authorities said ."
"the united states , britain and france proposed a stronger text that would have condemned the violence and called for the immediate release of the political prisoners and detainees ."
she and others report the findings in wednesday s online issue of the journal neurology .
homes and businesses across england are being searched and 24 people questioned after police say a plot to blow up uk flights to the us was disrupted .
"breaking news out of pakistan , where officials say a suspected us missile strike has killed 5 people in a region along the afghan border ."
cells in the hypothalamus respond to light and dark signals .
but there s also a health concern from the dust and debris from collapsed buildings .
"for clinton , time for a rebound may be slipping away ."
"the hyundai union had planned to consult its members through a ballot prior to the work action , but walked away from the plan ."
"between those states , he would be awarded the larger share of 278 delegates ."
the environmental protection agency has classified secondhand smoke as a known human cancer causing agent .
"she added that hawaii also expects to see increases in visitors from china , where the islands could not actively promote themselves until recently ."
"he said he supports president bush s plan to bolster troop numbers in iraq by more than 20 , 000 soldiers and marines ."
"he is already so proficient , it seems hard to call him a prospect , but it s clear the 24 year old german is a serious threat to the big names ."
"odinga called off a million man rally planned for a nairobi park on thursday , but not before police clashed with his supporters heading to the event ."
sales of its motorcycles decreased by nearly 3 percent .
but kerviel s attorney claimed victory monday because the preliminary charges failed to include fraud .
"with a cd of just 0 . 19 , the four seat bionic is significantly more slippery than today s most aerodynamic production vehicle , honda s two seat insight cd 0 . 25 ."
al qaeda s propaganda operation has been severely affected by the fact that its main websites have been down for about six weeks now .
tony award winning actor richard griffiths plays a pyschiatrist who treats radcliffe s character .
"china paid for the reconstruction of grenada s stadium , which was destroyed by hurricane ivan in 2004 , and some 500 chinese workers helped rebuild the venue in time to host cricket world cup matches in april ."
"kid rock left in his tour bus and was stopped by police about a mile from the restaurant , parish said ."
startled motorists called the police after seeing the boys alone in the car .
"we will invest in land , nasheed said . we do not want to end up in refugee tents if the worst happens ."
the meeting of the 24 member world bank board on tuesday will have the final say on wolfowitz s future .
you can see the difference when ferris confronts hoffman in a rare trip home .
and so the masses were happy to wait hours in line outside topshop s oxford street store for the chance to attend a special shopping session of moss s inspirations .
no more experience wasting hours in long line at the u . s .
korea last week and became the most searched item before it was removed .
the white house has described media reports that it attempted to mislead the public over the destruction of cia interrogation tapes as pernicious .
this wouldn t be everyone s first choice for an expensive vacation .
"where does a fairy tale go peter pan is back in theaters with the sequel return to never land , joining cinderella , dumbo , and lady and the tramp among the classic characters resurrected by the studio ."
"in january , as the won continued to soar , seoul raised the cap on residential purchases abroad to 1 million that cap is gone beginning today , and also gone is a requirement that a residence overseas be sold within three years after the owner returns to korea to live ."
"lebanese internal security forces arrested four militants and found the bodies of 10 militants inside the building where they had barricaded themselves , an isf spokesman said . explosives were strapped to two bodies ."
us democratic rivals hillary clinton and barack obama have sought to rally support ahead of a key primary election in pennsylvania .
"bayern , the four times european cup winners , went into the return as slight favorites at a 66 , 000 sell out allianz arena , after they had come from behind twice in milan ."
"in his weekly radio address recorded before he left , bush says this last christmas of his presidency is a time of taking stock ."
"there s no doubt that the deadly attack on india s financial capital last month was planned inside pakistan , secretary of state condoleezza rice told cnn on sunday ."
but a north korean spokesman said the us had first to lift financial sanctions before talks could go ahead .
auto analyst john mcelroy says this is good news for consumers
mr . yeltsin was a key reference in the post communist transition in russia .
"mehra says new delhi is slated to build 100 , 000 new apartments , though only 6 , 800 are under construction ."
"like the 91 , 000 seat national stadium the bird s nest , which will be completed in march both are seen as works of art and will anchor the olympic green area ."
"howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation ."
"the head of the firm s seoul branch and an executive at lg group will also be indicted , prosecutors said ."
"but addictive or not , too much time spent playing video games takes away from other important activities ."
"asks u . s . sen . bill nelson , the florida democrat who chairs the space , aeronautics and related sciences subcommittee ."
the rate cut marked the fifth time that the fed has cut the funds rate since it started with a half point cut on september 18 in response to the severe credit crisis which hit global markets in august .
fabio grosso and mauro camoranesi scored their penalties for italy who won a shoot out to beat france in the final of the 2006 world cup .
"the book and compact disc are being prepared and will soon be distributed , gen . ali reza afshar said in a written statement ."
"then , when the teenagers get to school , they slump over their desks to snooze ."
"how can i be expected to prove my innocence while usada endeavors to break their own rules at every turn ? i m infuriated by the behavior of usada and the french anti doping lab lnndd , he added ."
the americans also had full knowledge by then of japan s atrocious treatment of women in countries across asia that it conquered during the war .
she is taking a leave of absence from the department .
ko san will become the first korean in space next year .
the team finished fifth of six teams in the constructors championship and the suzuki sport team drivers were 12th and 13th in the individual standings .
inter milan midfielder maniche is the surprise absentee from luiz felipe scolari s 23 man portugal squad for euro 2008 .
"though it will expand , this month the game is scheduled to launch in just three cities tokyo , osaka , and nagoya , is offered only in japanese , and is available through just one carrier , kddi ."
there are concerns that the high price of oil will stoke inflation at a time when many central banks are trying to cut interest rates to stimulate growth .
"travel pillows may be awkward to carry , but they are proven at improving sleep by supporting the head ."
"the news suggests the world s largest software maker may be giving up efforts to rehabilitate its often maligned vista operating system , which was released worldwide in january 2007 ."
"whoever said that , my ex husband or whatever , i m not the party mom !"
"havana , cuba cnn 8212 former cuban president fidel castro appeared tuesday in a video broadcast on cuban television , the first scenes of the ailing revolutionary leader released since january ."
flying with the flu ?
"the korea times reports defense minister yoon kwang ung monday reaffirmed his ministry s push for the u . s . base relocation plan , despite strong protests from pyongtaek residents and some civic groups ."
"just ask steve demeter , developer of the popular puzzle game trism ."
he also developed defensive skills such as howling and biting .
police in the nearby city of falluja said the gathering was for the principal of a technical school in the village of abu minasir in abu ghraib .
"a stream of bad news buffeted stocks though , including the worst u . s . retail sales figures in three years , a surge in uk unemployment and predictions that recessions were unavoidable in the u . s . and europe ."
"obama spokesman robert gibbs , traveling with the senator in iowa , said howard s words were misguided ."
"alexander volkov , sergei s father , said earlier that he had mixed feelings as he said farewell to his son ."
that in turn lets them study how those genes affect health and disease .
"provided he suffers no reaction , terry will return to the center of defence alongside rio ferdinand for wednesday s match on the plastic pitch at the luzhniki stadium ."
"madrid , spain cnn the search is back on for words to the spanish national anthem ."
parti quebecois members are notoriously impatient and boisclair is the fourth party leader to resign in less than 12 years .
"we don t want the american forces to take iraq as a field to attack iran or syria , the prime minister said ."
"explaining his reasons for voting against the bill , gop sen . jeff sessions , a leading critic of the measure , said it would not work ."
"under her tenure , the company s revenue grew from 285 million to more than 1 . 5 billion ."
there was also criticism that the briefers wouldn t allow reporters to use their names .
"the koreans should put pressure on kabul on this , for there is the risk that at any moment , any time something can happen to the hostages ."
"on saturday , the airline said 12 short haul flights had been canceled , and departure boards at the airport showed delays of up to three hours ."
"meanwhile , in southern iraq , allied forces rained artillery and rockets on iraq forces and crossed the border from kuwait ."
"the term millionaire acquired its mystique at a time when the average american was making 10 , 000 to 12 , 000 a year ."
"agra , india cnn a two year old girl was rescued wednesday after spending 27 hours trapped inside a narrow well outside the indian capital of new delhi ."
he said that he pretended to be gay in order to gather information about those who damage the image of the church with homosexual activity .
"the papa terra field was found in the campos basin , which is already brazil s most important oil producing region ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
chavez has described whisky as a drink for rich people
the day started with the announcement by the german federation of patrik sinkewitz s positive test for elevated levels of testosterone .
"last year , households borrowed more to finance purchases of homes on expectations of higher home prices ."
"older voters in colorado have started to break obama s way , cnn polling director keating holland said . two weeks ago he was losing the over 50 crowd by a couple of points . now he has a 5 point edge among them ."
"to measure exposure , the researchers used a method developed by another research group evaluating 23 shows for sexual content ."
the ruling uri party hailed it as an opportunity to develop the alliance to a future oriented one .
white house press secretary robert gibbs says geithner talked to aig s top manager last week and objected to the outrageous bonuses
a study at osaka university found that tama fever was responsible for pumping 10 million into the local economy .
the last major eruption in 2004 killed two hikers .
"by some measures , the season started november 7 with the release of madagascar"
"pakistan s prime minister says national elections will be held as scheduled , despite general pervez musharraf s declaration of emergency rule ."
"over the last two years , four members of parliament have been assassinated and , in their honor , majority mps placed their pictures in their seats , draped in the lebanese flag ."
back up candidate yi so yeon will take over .
"risking an international human rights condemnation , south korea acknowledged for the first time that it began production of antipersonnel mines last year , according to a report released on monday ."
"if prince harry qualifies as an army air corps pilot , he will , like any officer , be available for operational service wherever the aac flies , it said ."
calls for a move toward universal coverage to reverse a trend over the last 30 years in which disparities in the levels of health care have actually widened .
"they have seen gliding dinosaurs before , but never one with feathers ."
a lebanese lawmaker from the hezbollah party called for an investigation into the killings but also urged protesters to return home .
"if fundamental human rights are suspended , we will not accept it . the nation will not accept it , and i know other political parties will also not accept it ."
"in total , mcclaren has made five changes from the side beaten 2 1 by russia in moscow ."
"based on the report , the secretariat will decide whether or not the case goes before the un security council ."
"european leaders will press beijing for action to lower barriers to foreign investment and to let its currency , the yuan , rise more quickly in value , abou told reporters ."
"as widely expected , cheong wa dae yesterday nominated kim man bok , first deputy director of the national intelligence service , to replace outgoing chief kim seung gyu . roh s national security aide and former envoy to nuclear talks song min soon was named as the new foreign minister ."
an ohio man who argued with his grown son over the guy s messy bedroom says he over reacted when he called 9 1 1 .
"a medical examiner said the child s skull was fractured , and a forensic dentist estimated her age at 2 to 3 years ."
"and then there ll be one at night in albuquerque , new mexico ."
"the drummer , wearing dark glasses , said it was a serious message to everybody watching ."
"at a news conference in january , sarkozy revealed that the relationship was serious and hinted that wedding plans were in the works ."
medical tests later found a torn rotator cuff tendon in the 21 year old russian s shoulder .
"mukherjee said that there was no evidence of sabotage , and that initial investigations indicated that a faulty air conditioner exploded , possibly setting off gas canisters in the kitchen ."
"the official search is over for two nfl players and a third man left adrift in chilly waters off the gulf coast of florida , when their boat capsized over the weekend , but family members are hoping private boaters will pick up where the coast guard left off"
"partition is not on the table , the embassy statement read ."
"khalid ahmed , 27 , is in a scottish hospital with burns suffered after allegedly crashing a jeep cherokee into the glasgow airport a day after police found two unexploded car bombs in central london ."
"most people who live in kashmir s 20 , 000 square kilometer 7 , 722 square mile forest area one fifth of the indian controlled portion depend on agriculture or livestock breeding ."
"the korea times reports yongi kongju in south chungchong province was officially picked as the site for south korea s new administrative capital on wednesday , promptly adding fuel to a simmering debate on the capital relocation project across the nation ."
"members of the anti government people s alliance for democracy , occupying bangkok s suvarnabhumi international airport , cheered and hugged on hearing the news ."
"auction company head robert friedman says he feels for homeowners , but if they re in over their heads"
"it just so happens , as on many university campuses , that certain sororities and certain fraternities hang around together , he said ."
why there instead of d . c . ?
she hid in a bathroom after the ceremony at a nevada motel .
he said china needs to use its influence with myanmar s leaders to continue pushing for suu kyi s release .
"carey , 38 , said this is the most enjoyable point of her nearly two decade old career , and that s her priority these days , not trying to set sales records or even making pop history ."
graft was a key reason given for the ousting of pm thaksin shinawatra .
flying with the flu ?
maria sharapova has dropped out of this week s dubai championships because of a viral illness .
"in 2015 i will be 68 years old and will have 100 children , the local tabloid quoted abdul rahman as saying ."
"but i can say my focus is on turning this company around and creating value for the shareholder , she said ."
"zoi said he contributed his personal profits from the book and movie , an inconvenient truth , a 750 , 000 award from his share of the nobel peace prize and a personal matching gift ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
it is illegal for a woman to meet with an unrelated male under saudi s islamic law .
wednesday s ruling from u . s . district court judge paul huck may at last clear the way for noriega s transfer from a u . s . prison cell to france .
ap the french player stood on the 18th tee holding on to a two shot lead in a major championship .
he returned home in 1989 .
he was later released from prison .
"in a show of the sway he holds over the group , 30 members of his congregation tuesday went to a tattoo parlor to have 666 also permanently etched onto their skin ."
"the israel defense forces idf denied conducting an airstrike in gaza , but said its forces did fire on a militant in eastern gaza city , killing him ."
u . s . officials said the government also offered north korea three months to start dismantling its programs .
"i brought my daughter out here because she did not know about lee han yeol , said seo ."
"al lahem had previously told cnn that the saudi judge revoked his license as punishment for speaking to the media about his client s case , which attracted international attention ."
"russia is to help resolve a banking row with north korea that is blocking progress on a deal over pyongyang s nuclear program , us officials say ."
"the storm spiraled into a crisis in some areas , with authorities worried about potential loss of critical supplies ."
the rays didn t get a hit over the final four innings .
"the u . s . side agreed to postpone the timetable from 2005 to 2008 , but the number of troops cut will remain the same , according to a south korean official involved in the talks ."
"president barack obama says us forces must disrupt , dismantle , and defeat al queda and the taliban in afghanistan and pakistan ."
"now there s a perception of anonymity , said lesley withers , a professor of communication at central michigan university . people think what they say won t have repercussions , and they don t think they have to soften their comments ."
"executives of the nation s largest airline said 54 , or 34 percent of 157 international flights , would be grounded friday ."
flying with the flu ?
"the two candidates are separated by less than 100 delegates , cnn estimates , with obama currently leading clinton 1 , 520 to 1 , 424 ."
"unlike the 3 , 300 inmates awaiting execution nationwide including the 94 other men at angola kennedy , 43 , is a convicted rapist ."
seoul and beijing trys to hold six party talks as early as possible .
"american idol has reached a plateau in the ratings , down only 1 percent from 2006 30 . 7 million average viewers to 2007 30 . 4 million ."
"the number of hostages ranged from 30 to 52 , including a pregnant woman and a 15 day old infant , and most were held for 28 hours ."
seoul s plans to withdraw some korean troops from iraq were a surprise to u . s .
the event came during a weekend of celebrations to mark 10 years since the territory returned to chinese rule .
in the western indian city of ahmedabad in retaliation for the attack on a train that killed dozens of hindus .
"the diplomatic sanctions , which limited visits to the communist island by senior eu personnel , were imposed in 2003 after concerns were raised about human rights in cuba ."
"officials are investigating the cause of the fire , smith said ."
"it is speculated that the nec might issue a warning against roh instead of concluding his remarks as a violation of the law , sources said ."
state owned enterprises minister trevor mallard said there were reports the family had been warned about the overdue account .
"captain richard phillips has had some time home in vermont , and now lawmakers want his views on what should be done to confront the growing challenge the pirates pose to cargo ships ."
the couple s real life wedding in 2005 was eclipsed by a fairy tale ceremony held within second life .
"brown says the economy may be down , but spending is up for quick fix cosmetic procedures ."
"my family , by any imagination , is not a family which believes in killing people , assassinating , intriguing . and that is all there i want to say ."
"before sarkozy spotted him , cole had driven his boat up to the patrol boat , identified himself and received permission to be there ."
"new york cnn students at a high school in virginia prepared thursday for the funeral of a popular classmate , the victim of a deadly drug resistant strain of bacteria that has turned up in schools across the country recently ."
intense fighting is raging between troops and islamist militants at a palestinian refugee camp in lebanon .
a photograph taken by a city official showed bicyclists and equipment being hurled high into the air by the collision .
"that is the health , education and skills of the workforce ."
deutsche bank predicted the korean currency would rise to 980 by the end of the year .
identifying the world s finest airports is easy .
"like both , it has lovely hilly terrain and a seafaring tradition ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"now that i m the boss , i give orders to others ."
north korea claims to be using one of its existing graphite reactors to this end .
"the troop pullout , however , was based on a withdrawal plan ratified earlier that year ."
"all these meetings are part of the bilateral relations with israel and the future vision that we are all seeking and working toward , abbas said ."
"speakers at the rally , and at a second demonstration in glasgow , scotland , also voiced fears the united states and britain could take military action against iran over its contentious nuclear program ."
"that s because of obama s 20 announced cabinet level posts , five went to women arizona gov . janet napolitano as homeland security secretary , sen . hillary clinton as secretary of state , rep . hilda solis as labor secretary , susan rice as united nations ambassador and lisa jackson as environmental protection agency chief ."
which is due to merge with wells fargo reported a heavier than expected third quarter loss of 23 . 9 billion .
iran insists its nuclear program is peaceful .
the violence began july 3 when about 150 militant islamic students attacked a police checkpoint close to the mosque .
"that s the ap s john belmont with us , live from the capitol ."
"one way apple is expanding the iphone s reach is by inking deals with wireless carriers around the world , even breaking with its pattern of requiring exclusivity to sell in a certain country ."
"he supported an end to purdah the wearing of the veil for women , used foreign cash to develop the country s medieval infrastructure and managed to keep a balance between rival soviet and western interests in his country ."
"egypt prepared thursday for a strictly controlled military funeral for yasser arafat where dignitaries from around the world will pay their respects , but where the people among whom arafat was by far more popular will be mostly shut out ."
the spy agency said it considers the cyber attack a grave threat to the national security .
"death to karzai , a reference to president hamid karzai , according to the associated press ."
"cnn imagine you and your favorite travel partner dangling in your own private little gondola , gliding silently for 40 minutes as you cross the mer de glace or sea of ice ."
"witnesses reported seeing the plane hit a flock of birds , brown said ."
"diane , stock prices have stabilised after falling into a nearly 700 point hole yesterday , but in the first half hour of trading they re not exactly bouncing back ."
"once they are in , they are permitted to e mail other hotties for 9 . 95 a month ."
"the priests exchanged rings and vows in a service at one of london s oldest churches marked by a fanfare of trumpets and capped by a shower of confetti on may 31 , britain s sunday telegraph reported ."
wright was scheduled to speak at three services sunday at houston s wheeler avenue baptist church .
"ochoa looked like she would win the inaugural ginn tribute last year , holding a two stroke lead against nicole castrale with two holes to play ."
"saying that the almost wrapped up sectors include trade remedies , she hinted that the u . s . would give low level benefits in its application of anti dumping measures against korean exporters without amending its laws ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the lord of the rings musical , the most expensive production in west end history , opened to mixed reviews , with some critics praising it as brilliant and others calling it corny and a thumping great flop ."
"hong kong cannot afford to let its english continue to slide if it wants to continue as a cosmopolitan , international city . as matters stand , there is that danger , and the government ought to act decisively to reverse the trend ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the whale shark is one of the most perplexing and elusive creatures in the ocean , still largely a mystery even to the marine biologists who have dedicated careers to studying the creatures ."
"on thursday , more than 35 , 000 police officers fanned out across the capital city of new delhi and surrounding areas to maintain peace during the bandh , or shutdown ."
people in love have elevated levels of dopamine .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"a normal heart rate at rest is about 60 to 80 beats a minute , according to the american heart association ."
durrani also said it is totally and utterly incorrect that elements of the pakistani military are sympathetic to al qaeda .
"milinavicius , who was having financial problems , told police he shot the two thursday after they kept asking for more pay , said police in east point , which is just outside atlanta ."
"the president elect has also made no secret of his interest in having divergent views within his cabinet , and gates has served in various national security roles under republican presidents , including cia director during former president george h . w . bush s administration ."
"barry bonds smashed his 751st career home run in cincinnati , to move within five homers of breaking hank aaron s all time us major league baseball record of 755 ."
"we will not allow the distress of one financial institution to distress the entire system , she told reporters ."
"meanwhile , it was eerily calm in tuxpan , where people strolled across the bridge spanning the tuxpan river minutes after the storm came ashore about 45 miles 72 kilometers to the south ."
"his collection has grown into a diverse and elegant range of sculptures including bivouacs , kiosks , villages and pavilions ."
police only say that investigators are talking to a number of people in custody .
draft likely to be reduced
coalition forces only engage hostile threats and take every precaution to protect innocent civilians .
a hamas spokesman said that would spell the end for the palestinian cause .
he said officials will post the list on the city s web site soon .
the nasdaq lost 8 . 5 percent and the s p nine percent .
you didn t have the video and dvd we have .
"asians have different figures than people from the west , so that s what caused their suspicion , said huang yubin , head coach of the men s and women s teams , referring to media inquiries ."
"rita foley , washington ."
"under the bill , which must be signed by president bush , lawmakers must disclose donations from lobbyists ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"treasury blacklisted the macau based banco delta asia , accusing it of being a money laundering window for north korea ."
"han , who served as minister of gender equality under the kim dae jung administration and environment minister during the incumbent government , is scheduled to receive a letter of appointment from president roh at the presidential office on thursday ."
"bush rejected the kyoto approach , as well as the latest german proposal for what happens after 2012 ."
"according to the national emergency management agency , four mountain climbers died at about noon yesterday near the top of yonghyeolbong , a peak on mount bukhan in the city of goyang , gyeonggi ."
we ll start with this hour s swearing in of eric holder as ag and the ap s jerry bodlander on capitol hill
"under intense international pressure to restore democracy in pakistan , president gen . pervez musharraf announced thursday that parliamentary elections will be held by feb . 15 and restated his pledge to step down as the country s military leader ."
"police said three others pardo s mother in law , father in law and wife"
french scientists have unveiled a working prototype of a fully artificial heart which is based on the technology of satellites and airplanes .
the penalty far outweighs a a march 2004 decision that fined microsoft 613 million and ordered it to
a long shot shocker at the kentucky derby
there was one catch fans had 24 hours to go the web site and print out the coupon .
"tehran , iran iran s parliament on wednesday voted in favor of a bill that could lead to the death penalty for persons convicted of working in the production of pornographic movies ."
"the study by researchers from the university of california , berkeley , who journeyed off the coast of indonesia found that wild octopuses are far from the shy , unromantic loners their captive brethren appear to be ."
"it was so awesome , he looks better in person than in the magazines , said devoted beckham fan priscilla flores , 15 . i m really excited to see him play his first game here . he ll make soccer more popular here ."
"thousands of australians were evacuated from their homes on sunday as floodwaters headed down the country s wine rich hunter valley , leaving towns cut off and farms isolated like islands ."
"army maj . gen . rick lynch , commander of the multi national division center , was asked to comment on republican sen . john warner s recommendation that president bush start withdrawing u . s . troops from iraq by christmas ."
many americans also oppose the death penalty and texas has become known as the legalized murder capital of the united states
"with jurors out of the room on monday , moore s brother , thomas moore of colorado springs , colorado , said he spoke last week to edwards , who had apologized to the victims families and asked their forgiveness ."
"the 46 year old actor was treated at palisades medical center in north bergen and released , spokesman stan rosenfield said in a statement ."
and he indicated that troop level adjustments must be based on prevailing conditions .
a cambodian couple who separated after 40 years of marriage may have taken things too literally when it came to splitting their assets
he was arrested at the scene .
no officials are named in the order .
"fisher and brown say what they learned from lovers brains is that romantic love isn t really an emotion it s a drive that s based deep within our brains , right alongside our urges to find food and water ."
"but another union leader , john moore , said the mta had yet to address the issue of a wage increase potentially a significant obstacle to a settlement ."
they will have to push deeper into the forest and they may be hunting for days .
public health officials recommend that anyone planning to travel to an affected area get the vaccine which is effective for a decade 10 days before arriving .
"boulder , colorado cnn ice cover in the arctic ocean , long held to be an early warning of a changing climate , has shattered the all time low record this summer , scientists say ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the operation followed a week long siege of the compound by troops .
"the won , which had lost strength in recent weeks , leaped 1 . 4 percent to 1 , 021 . 30 against the dollar on friday , the strongest advance since feb ."
"it was not immediately clear how close to the border the peshmerga , or kurdish troops , moved ."
"days later , a sudanese government official said the talks would be postponed until december ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"sudan s president omar al bashir on monday morning will meet with two british lawmakers to discuss a possible pardon for a british teacher convicted of insulting religion , presidential palace sources told time magazine s sam dealey on sunday ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
south korea transferred control of its troops to the united states in 1950 .
"news reports , however , say that person is hudson s brother in law , william balfour ."
"he said afghans who accompanied the germans are still alive , but didn t provide detail about their fate ."
the joong ang ilbo reports a final report will be submitted to the secretariat of the un s nuclear watchdog on nov .
"berlin , germany cnn german authorities have arrested three men on suspicion of planning attacks on frankfurt s international airport and the u . s . military base in ramstein , according to a statement from the german attorney general s office ."
ashton paid tribute to dallaglio s contribution to the game saying lawrence has made a massive and influential contribution to his country and to london wasps and i wish him all the best for the rest of this season and the future .
clinton and obama s battle for the democratic presidential nomination took on new energy this week when after clinton s comeback victories in ohio and texas tuesday .
"whether couch will take a third trip is up to his wife , and susan couch said she s thinking about saying no ."
in fact the country s president told cnn earlier this year that some 100 countries around the world are lucky enough to have the same kind of geographic advantage as iceland .
"he said france , germany and italy will hold cabinet meetings on monday and will announce their plans ."
we d like to pray for youssif and his family . can you ask if they will accept this ?
rattray was a compelling storyteller and popular on the lecture circuit in britain .
the first known killing of a hostage in iraq s wave of kidnappings .
"mexican health officials say the rate of swine flu infections is slowing , while the country slowly gets back up to speed ."
a bomb near a shi ite shrine killed eight people .
"maj . gen . saleh mohammed al shihri , commander of the central control of the hajj security , said 1 , 150 cameras have been placed in several areas to monitor the area . several helicopters , fitted with these cameras , will also hover over the pilgrims ."
"johannesburg , south africa cnn hordes of shoppers desperate to buy sugar amid severe shortages stampeded at a shopping complex in zimbabwe s second largest city , killing a 15 year old boy and a security guard , state media reported thursday ."
this material may not be published .
the tv star died on monday in a stingray attack while filming sea creatures off the australian coast .
draft likely to be reduced
"in preparation , mexican government officials on tuesday traveled from beach to beach warning people to prepare for the weakened hurricane ."
"the kids , of course , loved the casts ."
"and then for some reason i saw a hammer and i threw that in the box , too ."
"the storm could drench puerto rico , as well , with 3 to 5 inches of rain , the center said ."
and buried beneath its weight .
"daniel kohns , honda s spokesman , said a hearing will be held in the next couple of weeks ."
"for the past few months , people from around the world have been leaving personal messages for the elder graham at billygraham90 . com ."
"the human lie detector , sebastian black , describes himself as a mind reader and a psychic hypnotist ."
"the club can confirm that eduardo has now been released from hospital , where he had been since sustaining his injury against birmingham city , an arsenal statement said ."
"if you hold out long enough and wear down the state department negotiators , eventually you get rewarded , said bolton , who was also involved with north korea earlier as the state department s undersecretary for arms control ."
"investors also are cheering a surprise increase in construction spending , after 5 straight months of declines ."
"her show , derived from a canadian radio program that began in 1984 , offered practical advice and the latest information on sexually transmitted diseases ."
"thatcher appeared to be cheerful and relaxed , wearing a gold and champagne colored suit that she had worn in 2001 for her 50th wedding anniversary to the late sir denis thatcher ."
g 20 leaders said they would meet again by the end of april to review the progress on the initiatives announced saturday .
"no , i m not going to do the impression here ."
living in a cage in hong kong
14 . badmouthing a former boss
it said 692 people had already been released after signing a declaration that they would not take part in any future rallies .
"if confirmed , holder will be the first african american to lead the justice department ."
"mexican tycoon carlos slim is the world s richest man , worth an estimated 67 . 8 billion , after overtaking microsoft corp . founder bill gates , according to a respected tracker of mexican financial wealth on monday ."
tapestries .
"london , england cnn details emerged sunday that the british royal family is at the center of an alleged blackmail plot ."
"for instance hivelive lets employees create and control blogs , wikis , mash ups and so on within business social networks ."
questions are increasingly raised over how the u . s . troops will get out of iraq .
"as a boy i fell in love with words , ran away from home and joined the radio , and it really was something ."
"the men in his family are prone to heart attacks , and his grandfather died of one at age 29 ."
up to 30 will be put to the candidates .
sarkozy said putin s trip to tehran could encourage iran to be more cooperative .
we even have time to stop at the outdoor ice bar literally made of ice before we pick up the kids .
crain said tuesday s attack was less serious than attacks against the same 13 root servers in october 2002 because technology innovations in recent years have increasingly distributed their workloads to other computers around the globe .
"it s not recommended for children under 14 , unless they re supervised ."
"for example , a layer of clothes , then a layer of electronics , then a layer of toiletries"
households manage land owned by villages and townships .
"bush also renewed his demand that congress allow drilling in alaska s arctic national wildlife refuge , or anwr , clear the way for more refineries and encourage efforts to recover oil from shale in areas such as the green river basin of colorado , utah and wyoming ."
"al zaidi , who faces a prison term if convicted , carried out the act in front of hundreds of reporters , photographers and cameramen at a baghdad press conference given by bush and iraqi prime minister nouri al maliki ."
"during the past week , as the iraqis ascended to the finals , dozens of people died in soccer related violence , some from celebratory gunfire and some from attacks ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the girl , who lives in the city of zhangjiajie in hunan province , got the idea after seeing something similar on a local television program , he said ."
"the animals escaped from a small petting zoo in the east of the capital and appeared shortly before 7 a . m . 0500 gmt at a busy roundabout a few hundred meters yards away , police said ."
"glamour editor cindi leive asked cheney during the panel discussion if she had anything to say to conservatives such as james dobson , founder of focus on the family , who have criticized her pregnancy , asserting that children should be raised by heterosexual married couples ."
"kandahar government spokesman parwaz ayoubi gave different figures on the number of girls injured , saying six were burned , one of them severely ."
but the animals could get a trust fund to shield them from hard times .
"an iraqi pharmacist at saddam hospital said lynch knew u . s . troops were on the other side of the euphrates river , which is just a mile away ."
"the us denied any civilians were killed , and a photo showed the armed militants maneuvering against the us forces , including one woman with a rocket propelled grenade ."
"federer now has a tally of 11 grand slam titles , three short of the all time record held by pete sampras , who won wimbledon seven times ."
"never use it as an excuse to give up your goal or abandon your resolution , he said ."
bush is welcoming edwards to kerry s running mate .
"britain s strongest recorded quake was the north sea quake of june 7 , 1931 , with a magnitude of 6 . 1 ."
"it will also make clear why that new product your team has designed might not be launched , despite its sensational showing in test markets ."
"japan and canada have taken positions in line with the united states , while australia s position is uncertain ."
india s top security official resigns .
globe planners and nbc canceled the three hour star studded bash in favor of an hour long news conference at which clips of film and tv nominees were shown and reporters from entertainment news shows announced winners .
the country s foreign ministry described the resolution as the product of a hostile american policy and said pyongyang would not be bound by it .
"the solution to jet lag . . . the ultimate solution , if you can do it , is total control of light and dark , says sleep physiologist dr ."
four people died in sectarian fighting in the southern iraqi city of basra .
"most of the deaths were in the central highlands coffee growing region where flash floods swept away people , houses , rice and corn crops over the weekend , the government said in its disaster report on tuesday ."
"her events from tea parties with fine china to military themed parties led by former marines usually take six weeks to plan and cost as much as 10 , 000 ."
the only u . s . citizen to serve time for helping fly weapons to jews struggling to create israel .
"last week , the tribune s scared of santa web site had 2 million hits ."
the house passed thursday night a 120 billion war spending bill that had been the primary point of contention between democrats and president bush .
police cautioned that the numbers could rise .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"now at this point , microsoft is focused on its independent strategy , gates told reporters at a news conference in tokyo ."
"last month , they sought a six year jail term for chung , calling his alleged crimes grave ."
"nasa s mars odyssey spacecraft has reportedly detected water ice under the surface of the red planet , a finding that could be a giant step in exploration of mars ."
"other delegations at the paris meeting are offering aid in kind , such as the international monetary fund , which said it would provide monitoring of the palestinians promised reforms to reassure donors that their money would be used efficiently ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"we need to reinforce democratic verification for the constitutional court justices , song claimed ."
"new york ap the bancroft family says it is ready to meet with news corp . media mogul rupert murdoch to discuss his interest in buying dow jones , the publisher of the wall street journal , after rebuffing an initial offer ."
"all but one of the casualties were passengers on the train and bus , police said ."
they registered the company abroad but conducted business in the country . they have to pay taxes like other corporations in thailand .
sovereign sold its 7 percent stake in lg corp .
"it runs 1 hour , 7 minutes and 35 seconds and was posted saturday on the internet ."
"her struggle prompted her daughter to work with the american heart association to raise awareness about strokes , especially among blacks ."
about 54 of respondents to a mainichi newspaper survey said the next premier should not visit the shrine .
"obviously it s a big loss to us , said deputy white house press secretary dana perino . he is a great colleague , good friend and a brilliant mind ."
"field s research shows touch lowers output of cortisol , a stress hormone ."
and he indicated that troop level adjustments must be based on prevailing conditions .
"on any given day , about 800 , 000 items pack the four story warehouse , with 5 , 000 new ones trucked in every morning for an annual haul of 220 , 000 articles of clothing , 30 , 000 mobile phones , 18 , 000 eyeglasses and 17 , 000 wallets ."
the nato fleet was sailing toward the suez canal when it spotted the eruption .
"i want to say on this meaningful day that we need to unite around the values of our nation , qualities of our republic and common goals more than ever and put aside our differences , erdogan said earlier to mark aug . 30 victory day celebrations ."
"matonga rejected claims that the court was biased toward the ruling party , arguing that the opposition was willing to apply to the court because it expected an impartial ruling ."
"due to concerns about kidnappings , and lack of a tourism infrastructure , independent travel is not easy or recommended , especially for a single western woman ."
"the men , women and children taking part in the final day of a hindu festival were crossing the bridge from one religious site to another when the structure gave way , police said ."
they spoke at a joint news conference shortly after signing an agreement to make their parties coalition official .
mbc made an official apology for bribery scandal .
"i withdrew from the case because i was scared , she told the sunday times and the daily mail newspapers . the case began three weeks ago in london s blackfriars court but the judge issued a gag order that shielded al sanussi s nationality and all but silenced any coverage of the case ."
"lose a game of chess to a computer , and you could bruise your ego ."
the two are actually trying to fix a burnt out camera and install a new science instrument which is designed to detect faint light from faraway quasars .
"legal adult age , to be lowered from 20 to 19 ."
"britain s defense secretary on monday announced the deployment of 1 , 400 extra troops to afghanistan to tackle the threatened taliban spring offensive ."
"jerusalem has been under intense international pressure to let goods pass , because of shortage of food , medicines and fuel . there are food shortages . . . ."
"billionaire investor buffett is ceo and chairman of berkshire hathaway , which has more than 60 subsidiaries ."
"thirty four members , or 68 percent , responded , although some said the optimal time depended on the couple ."
the home side added a second six minutes after the break when defender claudio cacapa was left unmarked to powerfully head home emre s well taken corner .
the count of homeless people in seoul rose .
holocaust greatest love story a hoax
"but there s also old fashioned human warmth , people help each other out . for a guy who grew up in brooklyn , you see this way of life still exists ."
two other doctors are being questioned about the case but are not in custody
his interim administration is struggling to impose its authority on the anarchic horn of africa nation .
just like that you re six years old
this material may not be published .
"we are in the initial stages of cross referencing our membership against a registered sex offender database and removing any confirmed matches , hemanshu nigam , myspace s chief security officer , said in a statement ."
"palmer and acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on july 5 . police charged them with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication ."
zink was founded in 2005 by private investors who bought many technologies from polaroid as it was coming out of bankruptcy .
"a basra city council official said that the latest fighting erupted when security forces entered mehdi army strongholds , where militiamen were armed with machine guns , grenades , rockets and mortars ."
nato s role in afghanistan will also be on the agenda at the two day summit .
"it declined to provide further details , citing the sensitivity of the case ."
obama was happy to talk about workouts and how it s too cold for basketball outside .
"freezing rain and sleet has knocked out power to more than a quarter million customers in ohio , illinois , and indiana , and hundreds of passengers waited hours for flights as a massive storm brought more than a foot of snow , from the midwest to the northeast ."
"at a news conference in caracas , defense minister gustavo rangel briceno said venezuela believes that the united states military had intentionally breached venezuelan air space , adding that the u . s . ambassador will be summoned to the foreign ministry to explain the incident ."
"society cannot allow the private sector to do whatever it wants , said chavez , speaking on the first day of classes ."
the player is on a long term contract and his registration is held by manchester united the player is not for sale .
"the talismanic striker , who scored the equaliser with a stunning free kick in saturday s 1 1 serie a draw at cagliari , suffered a thigh injury during the game and has not recovered in time ."
"its return has only served to underline the cultural influence exerted by the 49 year old winfrey who , earlier this year , became the first black woman ever to make forbes magazine s list of global billionaires ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
juppe said he would offer his resignation .
"amnesty for gross violations of human rights and for war crimes shouldn t exist , tom koenigs , the u . n . s special representative to afghanistan , told reporters monday ."
"everyone should take stock of the leverage we have to get north korea to return to the six party talks , she said at a joint news conference with minister of foreign affairs and trade ban ki moon ."
"using satellite data and imagery , the u . s . national snow and ice data center nsidc now estimates the arctic ice pack to cover 4 . 24 million square kilometers 1 . 63 million square miles equal to just less than half the size of the united states ."
"don t say that in front of your other child , okay ?"
"i think that will just encourage those who want to completely destabilize and destroy iraq , and create chaos and a victory for the terrorists to hang on and hope for an obama victory , howard said on nine network television ."
"sadness also spreads in a network , but not as quickly , the researchers found ."
"a study of 13 pregnant women , for instance , suggested that a nitroglycerin patch normally used to prevent angina , delayed premature delivery when applied to the abdomen during preterm labor ."
"the tribal leader said the body of a sunni sheikh , who was from the al azza tribe , was later found near where the kidnapping took place ."
lance armstrong fears he could be attacked by spectators if he returns to the tour de france next year .
"the grammy winner confirmed monday that jonnetta patton is no longer in charge of his career , but denied the break was due to any rift ."
isn t no the hardest word to say ?
he said the attack was continuing and so was the hunt for its origin .
gerberding acknowledged that we kind of had to make up a plan as we went along .
he and all 75 singers made it through
"kyodo did not specify where it got the information , but said fujimori could make an announcement later thursday ."
"relative to the world average the figure is not so bad , but very low by regional standards ."
"all 19 managers and consultants accused in the collapse of former national carrier swissair were acquitted thursday and will receive compensation totaling more than 2 . 4 million swiss francs us 2 million euro1 . 5 million , the leading judge said ."
a big crisis of mbc .
"there s a lot of work to be done to make sure that the commitments made in this agreement become reality , he told a news conference . but i believe it s an important step in the right direction ."
"johannesburg , south africa cnn u . s . pop star madonna s attempts to adopt a malawian child hit a snag after the court appointed official on the case was refused permission to travel to britain ."
arafat denies the charge .
i m supporting her in all the ways that i can .
"clothed in a black robe , she strains under her husband s weight ."
udinese strengthened their claims for a uefa cup place with a 2 0 win at home to atalanta fabio quagliarella and antonio di natale grabbing the goals in the first half .
"i am happy to end the uncertainty the fans may have had about the future direction of newcastle united , ashley said in a statement on the club s official web site ."
the state has 21 electoral votes .
"in the study of 91 overweight people , 46 were assigned to use a variety of online weight loss methods ."
"also near baquba , gunmen set up a fake police checkpoint just west of the city saturday evening and killed three iraqi civilians and wounded five others , the official said ."
"it s a great fantasy and it happened . it s bigger than fiction , said stone ."
"sen . john mccain monday faulted sen . barack obama for downplaying the threat from iran and again called the democratic front runner s judgment reckless , the latest jabs in a foreign policy fight that could continue to the general election ."
"what i loved about here compared to other countries was that the people cared about the nature , winston said . they want development , but they don t want to destroy the land to do it ."
those attending said the meeting included an exchange between putin and royal dutch shell chief executive jeroen van der veer .
britain s prince harry apologizes for offensive language
"gaetano errico , a neapolitan priest who founded a missionary order in the 19th century"
"paris , france serbia s ana ivanovic reached the final of a grand slam tournament for the first time with a 6 2 6 1 demolition of world number two maria sharapova at the french open on thursday ."
"the locals have barely recovered from their new year s hangovers and are already preparing for the five day long , no holds barred pre lenten bash ."
obama s grandmother dies after battle with cancer
michael jackson s lawyer says the pop star has agreed to come to london to respond to an arab sheikh s 7 million lawsuit .
and injured 150 in nearby petionville .
draft likely to be reduced
"the court also fined the pair 1 , 000 dirhams 367 for the charge of public indecency ."
papa had its inaugural assembly .
"producers believe progress can be made on other issues but it makes absolutely no sense to increase the burden of this additional compensation involving dvds and the internet , he said ."
"the dutch have one more warm up against wales in rotterdam on sunday before starting their euro campaign against world champions italy on june 9 , with france and romania as their other opponents in group c ."
"crowds of people descended upon the pile of rubble , frantically searching for anyone who might be trapped below ."
a source in the popular resistance committees said the aim of the joint operation was to abduct an israeli soldier .
"the little girl is hospitalized , as is another shooting victim , and a young woman with a broken ankle ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"there is however , a creature far more predacious than the shark"
he said two pakistani nationals from the punjab province and one arab were among the dead .
"the school for social justice pride campus , which officials say will not be exclusive to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender students , is aimed at being safe and welcoming for any student looking for another school option , said josh edelman , executive officer in the chicago public schools office of new schools ."
"two more military fatalities were report , bringing that total to 17 ."
"a chunk of metal from a truck flew over a safety barrier into the grandstands friday night , killing a 6 year old boy ."
"the eight hour negotiations which took place on saturday from 8 p . m . failed to free three south korean executives of daewoo engineering and construction co . , according to the foreign ministry ."
"hu , who is 33 , was said to be collecting data on the detention of activists and has been under house arrest since july ."
draft likely to be reduced
"world leaders rushed to congratulate president elect barack obama as incumbent george w . bush called his win a testament to hard work , optimism and faith in the enduring promise of our nation ."
"in addition to a fire , there were leaks of radioactive water and gas and drums containing nuclear waste burst open ."
"the show s authors , alain boublil and claude michel schonberg , as well as its co directors , trevor nunn and john caird , stood beside him beaming ."
president elect barack obama continues to push for his multi billion dollar economic recovery plan .
the stock exchange in mumbai is the oldest in asia and one of the largest in the world and a symbol of the country s rapidly growing economy .
"former tennessee senator thompson has nearly abandoned new hampshire , while former new york mayor giuliani has concentrated his attention on later primaries ."
"everybody needs to bite the big apple , the 36 year old said with a smile ."
"since leaving office , gore has advised a los angeles , california based investment firm on biotechnology and computer issues and lectured at middle tennessee state university , his father s alma mater ."
the dia director says insurgent attacks increased by 55 from 2007 .
"sharif s pakistan muslim league n party has 66 , and the pml q party , which backs musharraf , received 40 seats ."
"since reliable records began in the 1940s , no hurricane has ever formed so far east before august 1 , nasa reports ."
"indeed , privacy advocates say etc billing should be as anonymous as the coins tossed into tollbooths ."
"as long as the north korean issue doesn t hurt the economy , i am not too concerned and am not too interested in the matter . another side of oneself ground zero"
"the male victim was also given an increased sentence of 200 lashes and six months in prison , al lahim said ."
flying with the flu ?
"passenger alberto pinero said that within a couple minutes after takeoff , you just heard a loud bang and the plane shook a bit ."
macau lawmaker antonio ng said the incident had damaged the territory s reputation .
we haven t heard of anything
"reeves , who stars in the upcoming remake of the day the earth stood still , testified early on ."
"while the policy has helped curb population growth , it has also led to forced sterilizations in some parts of the country , the state department said ."
early investors are paid off with funds raised from later ones .
and these are the musical stylings of secretary of state condoleezza rice .
"even japanese media usually sympathetic to korea joined an avalanche of criticism of president roh moo hyun yesterday after his televised tirade against japan s claims to the dokdo islets , known as takeshima in japan ."
the three soldiers disappeared on may 12 after an attack in which four u . s . troops and one iraqi soldier were killed .
"meanwhile , tributes flowed in from all over the world for woolmer ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"witnesses said a rotor blade hit a three story building , causing the helicopter to fall in a ball of fire ."
"but unlike the us , which only checks foreign visitors , japan will require foreigners living in japan to be checked each time they enter ."
"many skiers who visit colorado prefer the slopes of aspen , vail or breckenridge ."
"china launched the prototype of a manned space vessel into orbit designed to pave the way for the country s first human space flight , state media has reported ."
"really , it s not much more than what interests me , and or what i detect in my travels to be interesting to the most people ."
both the pentagon and the white house denied thursday evening there were any plans to close the facility .
"the bold , or 9000 , has twice the screen resolution of the current curve model , making for a very sharp display ."
"also doing well at the sag nominations were the curious case of benjamin button and milk , both of which earned three nominations ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the letter suggests congress pass a resolution insisting that the 31 year old alleged taliban fighter be immediately repatriated to stand trial in australia .
we assessed the situation and felt that we could not secure the torch and protect the protesters and supp orters to the degree that we wished .
"in australia , the all ordinaries index closed with a 0 . 09 percent slide ."
"she allegedly went to the airport early february 5 , donned a wig , glasses , hat and raincoat , and followed shipman from baggage claim to the parking lot ."
president bush said tuesday he is considering all options in aiding the u . s . auto industry because doing nothing could lead to further economic decline .
"workers told thai police who raided one factory in september 2006 that if they made a mistake on the shrimp peeling line , asked for sick leave , or tried to escape , they could expect to be beaten , sexually molested , or publicly tortured , according to the report ."
a new poll suggests that president bush is the most unpopular president in modern american history .
"the winner of the most prestigious of the awards , the peace prize , is expected to be announced on friday ."
"she has yet to hear back , soriano said this week ."
president lee myung bak said monday that increasingly deteriorating international circumstances may negatively affect south korea s struggle to reinvigorate economic growth and tame inflation .
"australia s key s p asx 200 index eased 0 . 5 percent , dragged down by weakness in the major banks ."
other winners
and the 3 1 lead over tampa bay after a 10 2 pasting over the rays last night .
later hundreds of fans rampaged in rome and there were more protests in milan .
"that was the only part that was really controversial , because i do think there are a lot of challenges that single parents face , but at the same time i felt i was capable of handling those challenges , he said ."
western diplomats have argued that splitting kosovo in two could revive insurgencies among ethnic albanians in serbia s southern presevo valley and neighboring macedonia .
"with 10 months to go before the summer games , air pollution has emerged as one of beijing s biggest problems in generally smooth preparations ."
two of the attacks targeted an office of the federal investigation agency one at the main gate and the other inside .
"sarkozy , who previously had a consistent lead in opinion polls , dropped by one point from the previous csa poll while royal rose by one point ."
"the embassy staff have helped evacuate about 75 americans in recent days , including 16 yesterday , officials said ."
the craze has drawn hundreds of couples in the few months since it started causing city officials to wonder whether the ancient roman bridge is suited for such an overwhelming display of passions .
"the nominations were announced tuesday morning from beverly hills , california ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the hike is a six hour round trip that runs through dense rainforest and over mountain ridges before emerging in the valley of desolation an eerie , treeless swath of volcanic devastation striped black and orange with mineral deposits and swirling with mist and steam ."
the approval rating of the uri party has recently fallen below 10 percent .
angry protesters outside japan s heavily guarded embassy here set fire to the neighboring country s flag and called for a boycott of its goods while political leaders condemned a japanese prefecture s action in declaring a takeshima day .
dhs acknowledged the experiment involved controlled hacking into a replica of a power plant s control system .
"they come to surfers not only for the hopping nightlife , waves and beaches which can be found in a multitude of locations along australia s coast but also because of the avalanche of excursion options ."
"state britain , which replicated the posters of peace protester brian haw , won wallinger the 51 , 000 payout that comes with britain s best known and most provocative art award ."
this was gecf s seventh ministerial meeting .
"the state run news agency quoted police in tibet giving protesters a deadline of midnight monday to stop their criminal activities and offering leniency to those who surrender themselves . those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , xinhua quoted a police notice as saying ."
"what we re seeing is a lot of interest among young voters coming out to register for the first time who really just need help with the process , she said , adding they were also seeing a lot of voters come out who haven t voted in as many as 40 , 50 years who need to re register ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
known for her stylish outfits and haircut
they are accused of illegally transferring 27m 13 . 2m to foreign bank accounts during the general s time in power between 1973 and 1990 .
the panel of retired police and military officers told the senate that iraqi forces should be replacing us troops by early next year .
"representing america s anguish , president bush said tuesday that he prays for comfort for those victimized by the dark turn of the day at virginia tech that turned into the nation s deadliest shooting spree ."
flying with the flu ?
many are simply expected to purchase the car for the wow factor once it hits dealerships in january .
but correspondents say expectations for any lasting progress are modest .
"sometimes i wake up at midnight and dream of my patients . women who come in are hiv positive they have three children at home and the husband has passed away and we cannot provide any treatment for them , a doctor quoted in the research said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"in a written statement , the israel defense forces said it targeted from the air two palestinian gunmen carrying bags who were approaching israeli soldiers ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn 8212 eight former officials from executed iraqi dictator saddam hussein s government will be transferred from u . s . military prisons to iraqi custody in the coming days , iraq s deputy justice minister told cnn on sunday ."
the resumption of 6 party talks is immient .
korea to double african aid by . . .
the comments reflect growing european urgency over china s multibillion dollar trade surpluses .
the bumpy ride across town costs about a dollar .
"despite aggressive treatment and a crusading spirit , reagan died last week at home ."
"in august 2007 , two men hijacked an istanbul bound atlasjet airlines flight with 136 passengers and crew on board from cyprus , claiming to have a bomb on board the flight ."
"obama , mccain discuss need for new era of reform"
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"so far , mccain has won new hampshire and south carolina romney took wyoming , nevada and michigan and huckabee came in first in iowa ."
"the letter , signed by phil giraldi , ray mcgovern , larry johnson , jim marcinkowski , vince cannistraro and david macmichael , said tenet should have resigned in protest rather than take part in the administration s buildup to the war . read the full letter"
"it s definitely hard to get through that rope , but once you re in , you re in and you re part of the party , pellegrino said ."
disney thinks that they are so big we can t hurt them .
"the 50 minute tape titled an invitation to reflection and repentance was released by as sahab , al qaeda s video production wing ."
"they re tied to a commerce department report , which says the gross domestic product , the measure of all goods and services produced within the u . s . , fell at a three tenths percent annual rate in the third quarter ."
american idol is back for an 8th season .
draft likely to be reduced
"he was trying to get a rise out of my father , she said ."
"fort myers , florida cnn mindy mccready is free on 1 , 000 bond after a weekend arrest on misdemeanor charges that she scratched her mother on the face during a scuffle and resisted sheriff s deputies , authorities said ."
details on how to participate are not being released ahead of time .
smith said the new measures will shift the focus onto sex buyers because they create demand for prostitution and demand for the trafficking of women for sex .
matteson teaches english at john jay college of criminal justice .
woman wants to get resume off her chest
but we told them that the idea of iraqis conducting military actions against the pkk is not an option . abawi said .
"i want to say to all the french who are afraid , that i want to protect them against violence , against delinquancy , against unfair competition , against outsourcing , the former interior minister said ."
and instead of presents he brought death and destruction .
bismarck is the latest focus of flooding fears and sandbagging efforts in north dakota .
"gm daewoo auto and technology co . s city car matiz also saw its sales rise by nearly 50 percent from the previous year , leading to the prediction that the local small cars market is heading for a revival ."
an uproar arose after authorities failed to stop three trains running on the railway even after signs of an imminent collapse were detected .
"president bush won t listen to the 80 nobel laureates or his own director of the national institutes of health , who all support embryonic stem cell research . most importantly , president bush won t listen to the overwhelming majority of americans who call out for stem cell research ."
"and one more important economic report , the labor department says wholesale prices dropped another two plus percent in november , the fourth straight month of declines ."
a late night call to french president nicolas sarkozy s office was not immediately returned thursday .
oh tendered his resignation last friday after he did not show up for a meeting between the ministry and president lee myung bak .
"chelsea pulled one back on 75 minutes as deco s shot was only parried out to captain john terry , who tapped in from close range with roma appealing for handball ."
"president bush is to attend the g 8 summit in hokkaido , japan on july 7 9 ."
"one was dead on arrival at west penn hospital and two others died in the emergency room , said stephanie waite , a hospital spokeswoman ."
wen the first chinese leader to address the parliament in 22 years was on a three day ice melting trip to japan as the two countries worked to reverse a deterioration in ties caused in part by disagreements about the past .
"in a june 30 poll by korea research center and donga ilbo , lee scored 38 . 8 percent approval and park garnered only 24 . 9 percent public support ."
"clinical psychologist mark crawford from atlanta , georgia , said almost everyone has something he or she would like to change or improve , but succeeding is another story ."
"russian president vladimir putin on tuesday denounced britain for making insulting demands that betrayed outdated colonial thinking , in comments likely to escalate a row over the murder of alexander litvinenko ."
cnn the best leaders let go of the fantasy and become fully present and responsive to the complexities of each new situation .
"that produced a blackout in 16 states of the country , particularly those of the central north coastal area ."
"23 27 and washington , d . c . in december ."
"half of all men whose partner has postpartum depression are depressed themselves , courtenay said ."
nuri al maliki gave the ultimatum a day after clashes erupted in the southern oil port city and baghdad between iraqi and u . s . security forces and fighters aligned with the mehdi army the militia of hard line shiite cleric muqtada al sadr .
president barack obama says the government has geared up to curb the spread of the swine flu .
"but the quarter percentage point cut , while expected , was considered modest while the accompanying statement failed to reassure investors that more cuts are coming ."
the royalty of the name batman belongs to us . . .
"among those honored at the shrine in tokyo are 14 convicted class a war criminals responsible for heinous atrocities during world war ii , along with 2 . 5 million japanese war dead ."
"at home , the work continues ."
and the countries are partners in international efforts to persuade north korea to abandon its nuclear weapons .
the two buildings were hit almost simultaneously in a day bookended by morning and evening attacks .
said the move by the united states completely reverses the communist nation s decision to halt its dismantling process .
south korean government officials in afghanistan have focused their efforts on trying to change the demands of the taliban to something within its capabilities .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"in mid november , co founder jerry yang stepped down after failed attempts to improve the company s performance ."
the ap s stephen graham reports from islamabad
"but when her rule ended , all traces of her mysteriously disappeared , including her mummy ."
"the new trail is also aimed at drumming up more business for the tourism venture run by a subsidiary of south korea s hyundai conglomerate , which saw a plunge in visitors last year after north korea s missile and nuclear tests ."
"beyond guilt or innocence , the charges against you raise serious questions about your ability to carry out your duties as chief executive of our state , durbin wrote in a letter sent to blagojevich ."
five cameras that can sense nearby objects are mounted beneath the screen .
"the four year old videotape shows the 3 year old girl being raped in las vegas , nevada . last week , she was found safe ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"it was a very stupid thing to do and i ve learned my lesson , simple as that really , he said in a september 2005 interview with britain s press association , marking his 21st birthday ."
"also wednesday , olympic torch relay organizers said the flame will make a one day stop in tibet s capital of lhasa on saturday ."
some experts say a doubling in peanut allergies noted in earlier studies is one factor .
"paris , france cnn french president nicolas sarkozy said tuesday that he cannot rule out the possibility he might boycott the opening ceremony of the beijing olympics if china continues its crackdown in tibet ."
gonzales is scheduled to tell the committee that he has nothing to hide and that he never sought to mislead or deceive the congress or the american people about my role in this matter .
"he said the comment by ferraro , a former new york representative coupled with clinton s own inexplicable unwillingness to deny that he obama was a muslim during a recent interview was part of an insidious pattern that needs to be addressed ."
"but , they added , your lament that you are a victim in a process you helped direct is self serving , misleading and , as head of the intelligence community , an admission of failed leadership ."
"the web site then narrowed the list , recruiting the polling firm e poll market research to get awareness scores for the children and consumer appeal rankings for their celebrity parents ."
it is time to pass legislation to get us back in the game .
it is not clear whether he is in hospital or recovering at home .
roddick s business opposed product testing on animals and tried to encourage development by purchasing materials from small communities in the third world .
"she s also a publisher who runs strebor books , an imprint of simon schuster with more than 50 authors , many of whom get a sales boost from their association with zane ."
he then sought before and after satellite photos of the regions from commercial firms .
"tokyo , japan cnn japan s central bank kept interest rates unchanged friday amid growing worries about a global slowdown ."
some progress was made
the us will likely be keen for seoul to keep the troops in place .
"dressed mostly in black and holding white candles , a couple of thousand people held a vigil in hong kong thursday night to protest beijing s plans to restrict hong kong s movement toward greater democracy ."
dasang said he has heard of many people planning to protest in san francisco against china s human rights record .
"an estimated 1 . 7 million people were arrested in 1937 38 by the security services alone , and at least 818 , 000 of them were shot ."
south africa has become notorious for its high rate of violent crime .
"the council of fashion designers of america issued recommendations in january to help bulimia , anorexia and other health problems among models ."
president roh moo hyun left open the option of meeting north korean leader kim jong il although he admitted the inter korean summit will be unlikely before major progress is made on the nuclear issue .
the liberals have said one of their conditions for extending the mission is that it ends in 2011 .
deron williams led utah with 27 points and 10 assists despite a weekend bout with a stomach virus .
"mercury energy s general manager , james moulder , said the company was devastated by the woman s death and was conducting its own investigation to determine what happened ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"stocks opened down more than 100 points on the dow this morning , on a couple of grim economic reports"
"has killed 15 marines since monday and was part of an intensified uprising involving other sunni towns in northern and central iraq , and shiite population centers south of the capital ."
"she says that while the sports and fitness industries have led the way in wearable technology , producing shoes with built in pedometers and active wear with integral ipod controls , the fashion industry is currently lagging behind . view image gallery of futuristic fashions"
the head of vietnam s ruling communist party will visit seoul this week amid burgeoning bilateral trade and investment from which south korea has emerged as the biggest foreign investor in the communist state .
"the money from the sale of the bruni sarkozy photo will go to the swiss charity sodis , which provides clean drinking water to developing nations , christie s said ."
"stockhausen , who gained fame through his avant garde works in the 1960s and 70s and later moved into composing works for huge theaters and other projects , died wednesday , germany s music academy said , citing members of his family ."
a united nations driver who had seen the crash site and visited area hospitals had told cnn that the number of dead appeared to be far fewer than originally reported .
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki is telling the united states and iran to keep their fight out of iraq ."
"slated to be available in 2001 , satellite radio is a revolutionary new band of radio that will deliver non stop , digital quality music and other programming directly via satellite to vehicles and residences ."
"activity occurred in the region of the brain that controls decision making and complex reasoning , according to small s study , which appears in the american journal of geriatric psychiatry ."
we hope to show that adding flavonoids to their diets will provide additional protection from heart disease and give women the opportunity to take more control over reducing their risk of heart disease in the future .
"gambari on thursday briefed u . n . secretary general ban ki moon , who had sent him to myanmar , formerly known as burma , in the wake of the military s crackdown on peaceful demonstrations ."
"fosse said he estimated that about 30 percent of the casualties at shifa hospital on sunday were children , both among the dead and the wounded ."
"during a visit to sderot , israeli defense minister ehud barak warned there would be tough retaliation for the rocket attack , ap reported ."
"the men were convicted of the february 2006 holdup of the securitas ab cash depot in tonbridge , kent , about 30 miles southeast of london ."
"prosecutors say simpson and five accomplices attempted to steal items at gunpoint from the dealers , bruce fromong and alfred beardsley ."
"k pop superstar rain will make his hollywood debut in speed racer , the much anticipated live action adaptation of the iconic japanese animated car racing series ."
"but we think this is exaggerated , said sven krause , fund manager at lbb invest ."
the head of england s professional footballers association also issued a warning to the game s highly paid stars .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the unemployment line is getting longer !
"now , scientists are approaching mammoths in a different way , extracting dna from their dense coats in an effort to learn more about them ."
"claiming the impeachment was a coup d etat by parliament , civic groups insist they will hold candlelight rallies every evening in kwanghwamun , downtown seoul , until the constitutional court annuls the impeachment ."
ngoue said some 200 rescue workers were on standby in douala .
"washington was not consulted about musharraf s plan , rice said , adding that she is disappointed in his decision ."
air strikes targeted a base thought to be used by the abu sayyaf group .
the united kingdom s sun newspaper started a stir monday morning when it quoted the author of an upcoming book about jackson saying he was battling a potentially fatal disease that required a life saving lung transplant .
"tam has released a list of passengers , crew and employees , including seven tam workers who it said were killed on the ground ."
"microsoft up 0 . 17 to 31 . 04 , charts , fortune 500 , which controlled an estimated two thirds of the global server software maker in 2006 , has said the product is on track for a debut in the second half of 2007 ."
"i thought nick was hilarious , so i didn t know what was going to happen ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"80 percent of the trauma patient s face was transplanted , the spokeswoman said ."
the monash research could lead to the discovery of how the thymus can be stimulated to renew the production of immune system cells .
"i will be the president of all czech citizens , klaus said after his narrow victory ."
"they are more cultured , more knowledgeable , they know more about the world , they have more political experience and they are younger , said shanghai delegation member chen chuanwei , sipping tea outside the auditorium where zhu spoke ."
"whenever funny things happen during the day , insoo and friends shoot video with their phones and send the clip to portal sites , hoping their clips will be featured on the portals homepages ."
"dr . frances smith , who treated davis at an emergency room , testified that he suffered facial fractures ."
"in an interview with cnn , abhisit pledged to revive thailand s sagging economy and reconcile with the opposition after a tumultuous period in the country s politics ."
the chosun ilbo reports a group of hypersensitive korean netizens calling itself the voluntary agency network korea vank have incurred the wrath of their equally patriotic japanese counterparts by persuading google earth earth . google . com to change the name of the body of water between the two countries from sea of japan to east sea .
"i particularly admired the strength and sweetness of his voice in the lyric mozart parts and the imagination and commitment he brought to contemporary works , james levine , music director of the metropolitan opera , said in a statement . he was also a warm , generous colleague with a great sense of humor , who always gave his very best ."
"whatever the outcome , chung s case has highlighted the issue of how south korean companies are managed ."
"sen . obama says he s getting tired of the campaign . his supporters say they want it to end , she said ."
"chinese president hu jintao offered similar congratulations , urging obama to join china in shouldering important common responsibilities ."
"they continued for 13 days in july and august before apparently reaching a deadlock , when delegates decided to take a recess , promising to reconvene after a short time ."
the consumer may want to copy the football star by using the product .
"james monroe , andrew jackson , john tyler , james k . polk and zachary taylor all owned slaves while they were in office ."
a walk of several days .
"petrochina plans to tap a red hot market to raise up to 5 . 7 billion in a shanghai listing , sending its hong kong shares up 8 percent to a record and valuing it higher than royal dutch shell ."
"rescue teams worked through the night , pulling out seven people alive from the rubble by 2 a . m . wednesday ."
"the rescue mission was organized by l arche de zoe zoe s ark , a paris based charity which said the children were orphans from the darfur crisis and were being taken to foster families in france ."
brown said he would use his visit to strengthen what britain considers its most important bilateral relationship .
"at the heart of the debate is the decision by president bush to send an extra 21 , 500 us troops to try to restore stability in iraq ."
"experts say only national governments and very few of the super wealthy can afford massive price tags that come with the higher category , such as a boeing 767 that is three times the size of an average executive jet ."
"the council was originally expected to vote monday on the proposed ordinance , which requires violators to pay a 50 fine ."
"she made clear that in those moments . . . she heard meredith scream so much that she , being scared , covered her ears ."
"last month , charleston west virginia city council apologized to two protesters arrested for wearing anti bush t shirts to the president s july 4th rally ."
"the statement also said olmert spoke tuesday with u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice to update her on political and military developments , including the humanitarian situation ."
"the move is part of a deal agreed in february , in which pyongyang pledged to disarm in exchange for fuel aid ."
lee is a member of the party .
now hollywood is paying attention .
"i don t want that misunderstood , palin said ."
the president and president elect walked together along the colonnade by the rose garden before entering the oval office together .
the government reports 31 out of 50 civilians who were on the bus that was stopped by the militant group were killed .
"the wounded were taken to a military hospital in the largely kurdish city , in southeastern turkey , which has a population of 1 . 5 million ."
and there s no harm in getting the tdap as long as two years have passed since your last td booster .
"the rev . walter coleman says that for the past three weeks , he has refused to eat solid food in support of arellano s bid to stay in the country ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the royalty of the name batman belongs to us . . .
"just days before his arrest , karr a wanted man in the us who was once held on suspicion of possessing child pornography successfully applied for a job in a bangkok school , and had previously worked in two other schools in the city ."
"it was late 1965 , and holzman , the founder of elektra records , was in los angeles , checking out the arthur lee led proto psychedelic band at a sunset strip nightclub called bido lito s ."
"but the official said conditions have to be perfect , and that was not the case wednesday with swells in the pacific ocean west of hawaii running slightly higher than navy would like ."
an american classic .
"fernandopulle was waving the starting flag for the race which was part of the hindu new year celebration in weliveriya town , police said ."
"after loading the cash machine into the truck , the pair drove off ."
the mehdi army is the militia of the populist anti american shiite cleric muqtada al sadr .
iraqi and british troops in a multinational force .
living in a cage in hong kong
i think that i wanted the film to feel sort of like a bullet .
"this country is riven by the class system . it is more alive than it has ever been , the daily mirror s royal correspondent james whitaker said after the separation was announced at the weekend ."
"they removed their sodden socks in an effort to stay warm and dry while they waited for rescue , according to the rescuers who found them ."
"in life , one of the worst things you can do is hold a grudge , he said ."
the international committee of the red cross said on monday that one of its employees was killed in western darfur last week during fighting .
"the community loved it as most of the sex workers chew paan , sanjeev gaikwad was quoted as saying at the launch in mumbai ."
wednesday s dramatic retreat erased gains made in the previous session .
i used to go around the house and imitate edward g . robinson .
scientists say there are an average of 15 shark attacks a year in australian waters one of the highest rates in the world but on average just over one per year are fatal .
obama followed his years as a community organizer and lawyer with a successful bid for the illinois state senate .
"the government plans to propose to the united states the idea of making the target year for the transfer of wartime operational control of south korean troops flexible based on the security situation on the korean peninsula , according to a defense ministry spokesman ."
"there are right ways and wrong ways , says kerry patterson , a consultant on human interaction in provo , utah . it s one thing when it dies a natural death , but when it s one sided , you have to be really sensitive ."
"he argued that the retired generals , kowtowed to the united states in the past while not pursuing a more independent military capability and are now opposing the transfer of military command ."
"in a joint statement , the business groups said restrictions on flights and shipping have kept taiwan from fully participating in the global and asian economies ."
why in the height of my career ?
"fighting between lebanese troops and islamist gunmen from a palestinian refugee camp has killed at least 40 people in tripoli , northern lebanon ."
"meanwhile , georgia gov . sonny perdue has declared a state of emergency in six counties ."
flight of the penguins
"rescue crews were able to pull out one sailor . fifteen died , and a sixteenth person was still missing , the news agency said ."
"escape 2 africa is pretty tame , but it knows how to keep its own turf tidy ."
"the batasuna party officials were arrested in the northern town of segura on the order of spain s national court , a police official said , speaking on condition of anonymity in accordance with force policy ."
an emergency court hearing was requested to discuss the pop star s visitation rights .
musharraf said he expected the scotland yard investigators to help solve all the confusion surrounding the case .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
which president bush said he d spoken about with obama before it was announced .
it was right there in black and white .
flying with the flu ?
"current plans call for 16 daily flights to or from taiwan , the agency reported ."
"besides smoking , other causes for the rise in the disease include high fat diets including fast food and decreased physical activity , reflective of increasingly western lifestyles , the report found ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
crist said he joins floridians in prayer and grief for the families of those killed .
"he pretended to be deaf and mute when captured , and his identity was not known for weeks , the officials said ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"i want to get on with my life , start a life , have a life , miller said after the hearing . i m just thankful for this day ."
flying with the flu ?
"bush rallied the nation after the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks ."
lowe says ibm s decision to buy instead of build was driven by economics .
midlife crisis is a label you put on other people doing bizarre behavior .
"that deal , which also included an annual supply of half a million tons of heavy fuel oil until the reactors were built , was scrapped in 2002 when north korea admitted it had restarted its atomic program ."
"fenske , an attorney by training who has also worked as a forest ranger , was an environmentalist long before hybrid cars like the prius hit the market ."
"visitors can fill out a form to share their stories about what the election meant to them , or they can give their vision of an obama presidency ."
"fellow defense lawyer stephen scaring said another of the sabhnanis children , daughter tina , told him"
the grief stricken crowd spilled outside the school and onto the surrounding streets .
executives admitted that yahoo s performance has been taking a hit from the sluggish economy .
the runner up to hanalei on dr .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the bad news is it only works within the united states .
"instructed to be with the delegation this weekend , but she is still trying to see whether she can meet both demands ."
"amid fears in the west that iran is trying to develop nuclear weapons , some experts believe iran s space program is possibly a cover to improve its military ballistic missiles ."
"others ask if she feels ashamed , she said ."
"institutions that sell shares to the government will accept restrictions on executive compensation , including a clawback provision and a ban on golden parachutes during the period that treasury holds equity issued through this program , he said ."
the death in iraq of an archbishop who was kidnapped two weeks ago has provoked furious condemnation .
hackett said he saw at least two or three motorcycles chasing the german car he had said four or five in the earlier statements with one pacing the car on the right side .
"the newspaper cited joel wit , a former u . s . state department official who coordinated the agreed framework in 1994 , and david albright , president and founder of the institute for science and international security ."
"ver . di has called for an 8 percent raise for germany s 1 . 3 million public service workers , backdated to january 1 ."
yahoo inc . announced tuesday that it had hired veteran technology executive carol bartz as its new ceo .
european union finance ministers agreed tuesday to raise the minimum guarantee for bank deposits across member states .
"the ministry confirmed a report that the nine refugees were repatriated to the north in october , right after being arrested by chinese police at a private home in shenyang , northeastern china ."
"are we citizens of earth alone in the universe ? it s a question that has long fascinated astronomers , sci fi authors , kids with backyard telescopes and hollywood executives who churn out spectacles about alien encounters ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"thompson entered the race in september , long after his republican rivals had announced their candidacies and began raising money ."
washington cnn the international monetary fund s executive board has approved a broad financial overhaul plan that could lead to the eventual sale of a little over 400 tons of its substantial gold supplies .
ford said clients complained of emails being returned with error messages that could only have been placed by a third party between local and foreign mail servers .
"as of the end of 2005 , hyundai together with its affiliate kia formed the world s no . 6 automaker in both production and sales , according to automotive news , a publication that tracks the global vehicle industry ."
"three days after musharraf suspended the constitution and declared a state of emergency , pakistan s judicial system is in lockdown , with thousands of lawyers jailed and many judges detained in their homes ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
obama later said the remarks were badly phrased but accurate .
"the mauna lani resort , on the big island s kohala coast , indulges romantic guests with its lava love getaway package ."
"the company won contracts totaling more than 200 million to supply ammunition , assault rifles and other weapons to the afghan national army and police ."
"although the bionic isn t coming to your local dealership , mercedes does expect it to significantly influence the design language of its next generation of small cars ."
"the creature s bunny ears will also stiffen or relax , depending on how it feels in response to a human s touch ."
hundreds of students clashed with police and national guard wednesday in a series of protests days ahead of a referendum tabled by venezuelan president hugo chavez .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
she spent two weeks in a drug rehabilitation clinic in january .
"polanski , 75 , has chosen to live in exile since fleeing the united states in 1978 after pleading guilty to having sex with a 13 year old girl ."
"gershman has said zapeta s attorney , robert gershman , said zapeta was not trying to conceal the money , but he did not know the law ."
"beirut , lebanon cnn less than 24 hours before the lebanese president s term will expire , no one has been chosen to replace him ."
"north korean leader kim jong il and south korean president roh moo hyun signed a joint statement thursday , pledging to begin work on a permanent peace agreement that would replace the cease fire accord signed at the end of the korean war ."
"north and south korea resumed high level meetings tuesday for the first time since the north tested a nuclear bomb in october , paving the way for a resumption of aid to impoverished pyongyang after it pledged to start dismantling its atomic weapons program ."
lawmakers pounded the korea football association kfa for its alleged accounting fraud and excessive control by its president chung mong joon .
sources told cnn the probe began when a bank informed the u . s . treasury department about suspicious transfers of money from spitzer s accounts .
"such occurrences are more indicative of a tipping point or trigger in the climate system , said sarah das , a scientist at the woods hole oceanographic institute ."
"angry demonstrators protesting kosovo s independence from serbia attacked the u . s . embassy in belgrade on thursday , throwing rocks , breaking windows and setting fires ."
these firms are among those that can be directly listed on the bourse without revising laws .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
harvard anthropology researcher katherine whitcomb found two physical differences in male and female backs that until now had gone unnoticed
"in his first comments on the latest hostage case , karzai condemned the kidnapping , but did not say whether any deal might be possible ."
"in front of them , hillary s coffin was draped in a new zealand flag and covered in wreaths ."
"and a man with no formal training , no license and no office practiced dentistry for nearly 30 years in malaysia ."
"later , in a statement , the israeli military said we wish to express sorrow for the death of the palestinian cameraman ."
"as the sardonic explorer of no reservations , an off the beaten path look at cultures and cuisines , he famously chowed down on raw seal in quebec , eyeballs and all ."
but all speculative at the moment .
"the shoe intifada in iraq should not be overlooked easily , iran s islamic republic news agency reported ayatollah ahmad jannati as saying friday ."
the final report on the whitewater investigation questioned the first lady s truthfulness .
the president elect has one eye on the economy and the other on national security today .
"she said the japanese government has to show its sincerity to resolve key issues such as comfort women , instead of pursuing military power ."
"rice , gates and bush are all on the same page regarding iran , he said ."
i told him how much i appreciate all that he s done for me and my family .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
flying with the flu ?
"on the fourth and last day of the four day talks , the koreas agreed to work toward practical resolution of the issue of prisoners of war pow and abducted civilians ."
"among mac users and industry observers , reaction to the 90 minute keynote , which apple says will be its last at macworld , was predictably mixed ."
"knox , 20 , raffaele sollecito , 23 , and diya patrick lumumba , 38 , have been detained since tuesday as suspects in the sexual assault and killing of meredith kercher , 21 , who was found dead november 2 ."
"urging his fellow americans to lend a helping hand , roosevelt had the bible opened to i corinthians 13 and now abideth faith , hope , charity , these three"
"daniels alleged accomplice fled , but police said daniels wasn t able to escape ."
myspace is expected to face stiff competition from local social networking sites such as cyworld in a local market that has typically shunned u . s . online services popular elsewhere in the world .
"it s a difficult day , general manager brian cashman said but it was one yankees fans could see coming ."
noriega has had pow status while serving a drug racketeering sentence in the united states .
and you don t have to drive all over the metroplex as the locals call the dallas fort worth area to have a good time .
"it s in the south china morning post every day . . . and i think people in hong kong , american citizens , if not hong kongers themselves , i think everyone is very energized with this election , said sandra collins de lange of the local league of women voters ."
"the unidentified ship , which had ignored orders to stop within japan s 200 nautical mile exclusive economic zone , by 25 japanese coast guard ships ."
"pottery shards , vessel fragments and coins from the end of the second temple period were also discovered inside the channel , attesting to its age , reich said ."
"its harvest in the past year was virtually destroyed by floods that occurred in august of 2007 , risley said ."
"club wielding police fought stone throwing rioters in the northern suburbs of paris for a second night monday , with at least five officers suffering injuries during the clashes , authorities said ."
"in fact , the labor department reports new jobless claims jumped more than expected last week , growing by 15 , 000 ."
"yes , there are a couple of chase scenes , but scott rarely shifts into high gear ."
"the unesco list is famous for including historic and cultural sites but in recent years the un body has opened its register to include intangible heritage , such as endangered languages or vanishing traditions ."
further step over the controversy about the future status and role of usfk .
"martin van buren , william henry harrison , andrew johnson and ulysses s . grant all owned slaves but not during their time in office ."
"the agreement , thrashed out at the so called six party talks in beijing , was actually signed september 30 , but kept under wraps until now ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
at a price of 1 . 59 billion between 2011 and 2012 .
"by the way , we learn this morning the president elect will whistle stop his way into d . c ."
"in an article in the sunday telegraph , he said there were currently more than 8 , 000 people in the country awaiting organ donation but only 3 , 000 transplants were carried out each year ."
"the korea herald reports a high level alert posture introduced after the earlier warnings remained in effect as officials investigated the latest threat , posted tuesday on what it called an islamic web site ."
success comes from pulling emotional levers .
residents living near the headquarters told public broadcaster nhk they often heard drums beating from the compound .
president roh moo hyun s withdrawal of his plan to introduce a constitutional revision to the presidential system is seen as a win win move for both him and his political foes in the grand national party .
"before i give you the numbers , economist nigel gault paints the big picture"
"in the last few years , online voting has decided the winners , and this year s categories include tech friendly slots for favorite user generated video and favorite online sensation ."
"yuriy lutsenko , the leader of yushchenko s party , said it was ready to back tymoshenko as prime minister after the coalition is formed ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"hanoi , vietnam cnn typhoon lekima slammed into vietnam s central coast wednesday night , killing two people , destroying hundreds of houses and unleashing floods in one of the country s poorest regions ."
"two students trying to surrender friday were shot dead by other students in the mosque , intelligence sources said , but gave no additional details of how the shootings occurred ."
"britain s queen elizabeth will not attend the wedding of her eldest son prince charles to his long time partner camilla parker bowles , adding to an air of chaos that has surrounded plans for the day ."
"during his life , he s produced at least 580 bulls , said his owner , bull breeder victoriano del rio an average of 40 bulls per year sired by the mayor since he was about 3 years old ."
"he tells us how to use mt . konocti the once active volcano that looms several thousand feet above the lake as a landmark , and invites us to call his cell phone if we lose our bearings ."
admit when you re stressed
"more profoundly , in an age where skinny models and skeletal actresses are under scrutiny for the message they re sending young girls , what does it say that we re excoriating a young woman for a little thickness in her middle ?"
"sunday s attack occurred on one of the holiest days of the muslim calendar , eid al fitr , which marks the end of the holy month of ramadan , and came weeks before two major hindu festivals , dussehra and diwali ."
"just as consumers are becoming increasingly tech savvy , so are the brands that target them ."
the galaxy are scheduled to host pachuca at the home depot center on tuesday in their opening superliga match before taking on mexican club guadalajara at the los angeles coliseum on saturday .
the judge gave the dishwasher until the end of january to leave the country on his own .
"its radius should be only 1 . 5 times the earth s radius , and models predict that the planet should be either rocky , like our earth , or covered with oceans , udry said in a telephone interview ."
"there was a body lying on the road , there was another body slumped over the back of the truck , said the woman , who did not want to be identified for security reasons ."
the british military released them to a curious public as part of a four year project to transfer all such documents to the national archives .
watch the canal that was drained in the u . s . search for missing troops
harry s older brother william while also a military officer is not eligible for combat service because he is the second in line to the british crown .
"two penalties by brazil midfielder diego , one of them controversial , and a boubacar sanogo goal gave the german side the win in front of a passionate 40 , 000 crowd ."
"the family of virginia tech killer seung hui cho feels hopeless , helpless and lost and is deeply sorry for his unspeakable actions , according to a written statement released friday by his sister ."
flying with the flu ?
"president barack obama is playing host today to a high level meeting on health care reform , and there s already a huge deal on the table"
draft likely to be reduced
"the internationally renowned fort lauderdale boat show is set to get underway at the end of october , where many of the world s top super yachts will be on display ."
bush told a reporter in response to a question about the incident .
"yun jong su , coach of the north korean squad , hinted earlier this year that consolidating teams was possible ."
"sources familiar with the case have said that the pirates are demanding a ransom of about 1 million , but that the ship owner is arguing that beyond 100 , 000 the company is not able to meet the demands ."
"mark bailey , director of the armagh observatory in northern ireland , said he is also studying what might have hit the earth and driven the dinosaurs to extinction ."
roma goalkeeper alexander doni pulled off good saves from deco and frank lampard before panucci put the home side ahead in the 33rd minute .
the seizure is the largest scale abduction of foreigners since the fall of the taliban regime in 2001 .
"in response , irate farmers erected roadblocks that paralyzed much of the country s transport of goods ."
hillary clinton said friday she regrets comments that evoked the june 1968 assassination of robert kennedy as part of her explanation for why she was staying in the presidential race late into the primary season .
"residents said they evacuated the building after hearing a crack in the roof , but some went back inside before the building collapsed , istanbul governor muammer guler told cnn turk ."
"the joint celebrations have taken place annually alternating between the south and north , with last year s festivities being held in pyongyang ."
"this monster lineup will ensure live earth meets our goal of bringing together people from around the world to combat the climate crisis , live earth founder and executive producer kevin wall said in a statement tuesday . musicians who have answered our call span multiple genres and generations ."
"the big rush is mainly at lunchtime , with many people taking time out for breakfast and supper ."
the little girl disappeared from her bedroom at a hotel resort in portugal on may 3 as her parents dined nearby .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"in 2003 , the number reported was 540 ."
"jerry bodlander , capitol hill ."
"asked whether he supports sen . christopher dodd s call sunday for general motors ceo rick wagoner to step down , obama did not respond directly . but he said generally that if this management team that s currently in place doesn t understand the urgency of the situation and is not willing to make the tough choices and adapt to these new circumstances , then they should go ."
"the announcement , which represents a u turn on an earlier decision , was made amid reports militant groups in iraq planned to kill or kidnap the prince ."
"it is not just a technicality it s the latest demonstration that this newest system just does not work , sullivan told journalists . it is a system of justice that does not comport with american values ."
the militants are accused of launching deadly attacks targeting troops and civilians in both countries .
"if you google the word darfur , you will find about 13 million references to the atrocities in the western darfur region of sudan what the united states has said is this century s first genocide ."
the council said security officials also visited the staff at their homes .
the bush administration has accused syria of not doing enough to stop the flow of insurgents across its borders into iraq
the election commission said about 93 of votes had been counted and the situation would not change greatly .
"she cannot match him in elected delegates , but the super delegates could give her the nomination if they think she can win against john mccain ."
authorities were also searching for a woman suspected of wounding three people in a knifing incident sunday .
"the problem is there is so much debris on the roads from the storm that our crews cannot get to some places , judge said ."
it is still dangerous in falluja .
"it s unfortunate that armed police were involved , ng said ."
"but authorities now say zerola had another , darker sideline as a rapist who preys on young women ."
a roundabout effort to bring some holiday cheer to the police ?
bermuda
and increasingly vendors offer companies suites of web 2 . 0 technologies that have emerged on the consumer side .
"at the age of just 23 , kim is the youngest player in the top 30 , and ended the year ranked an impressive 12th in the world ."
"planning for the surgery took a month , patil said , and lakshmi spent that month in the hospital ."
"gazprom has reassured the rest of europe that its natural gas supply , which runs through ukraine , will not be affected by the dispute with kiev ."
"analysts were looking for a rise of 1 . 6 million barrels , according to a dow jones poll ."
"security has been tight at the hospital after police confiscated a suspicious item on the suspect s body when he was admitted on saturday , and called for a partial evacuation of the hospital ."
"rice told the senate foreign relations committee that she instructed the top u . s . diplomat in the country to talk to the syrian government about the flow of iraqi refugees , but made clear it was not the start of a broader conversation on iraq ."
"she also told the new york times that there s a lot of different ways that people are coming to public life now , and it s not only the traditional path ."
"alan greenspan , who chaired the reserve from 1987 through 2006 , also added thursday that whatever regulatory changes are made to respond to the crisis , they will pale in comparison to the change already evident in today s markets ."
"a second civilian has died in the wildfires , the u . s . forest service said tuesday afternoon . it provided no details ."
"the volcano , which is about about 750 miles about 1 , 210 kilometers south of the chilean capital , santiago , began erupting early friday , raining gray ash onto chaiten ."
"china has defended the test as peaceful , and said it presents no country with a threat ."
"and any optional price supplements must be communicated in a clear , transparent and unambiguous way at the start of any booking process and allow passengers to opt in for them , according to the eu ."
"polish prime minister designate donald tusk said his future government would seek to end the nation s military mission in iraq next year , according to an interview published wednesday ."
"south korea has no such regulations and has no intention of implementing them in the future , han said in a keynote speech at an international conference hosted by euromoney , a u . k . based capital markets magazine ."
"it was like , what s that movie , back to the future ?"
"the fbi encouraged perjury , helped frame the four men and withheld for more than three decades information that could have cleared them , u . s . district judge nancy gertner said in issuing her ruling thursday ."
"in baghdad , police have found 51 bodies of people who were abducted and killed ."
"insurgents also went on the attack in baghdad and another salaheddin town , samarra ."
"the blood of our people is not cheap , barhoum said in a statement faxed to the associated press , calling on hamas fighters and other palestinian militant groups to be united in the trench of resistance and to use all possible means of resistance and to respond to the massacres"
"the film s two stars , muzaffer ozdemir and mehmet emin toprak , shared the award for best actor ."
"more than 420 people have been hurt , hospital officials said ."
us lawmakers have called on japan s government to formally apologize for its role in forcing thousands of women to work as sex slaves in world war ii .
"after a day of international talks in beijing , a south korean official said pyongyang had agreed to disable all its nuclear facilities by the year s end ."
"the airstrike may have targeted weapons that were destined for hezbollah militants , according to sources in the region and in the united states . watch a report on the airstrike raquo"
living in a cage in hong kong
his ground breaking techniques have inspired other chefs throughout the world to experiment .
"tehran , iran cnn iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes , russian president vladimir putin said on tuesday during the first visit to the country by a kremlin leader since 1943 ."
it is necessary to restructure the court .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"patrons at the apple store in palo alto , california , were treated to a very brief appearance by apple ceo steve jobs . he momentarily posed for pictures before leaving ."
"despite their interest , the studios will proceed cautiously ."
the taliban seized two other germans and five afghans last week .
"temperatures soared in the san fernando valley with woodland hills reporting 102 degrees and van nuys at 99 , according to the national weather service ."
"that s mean , that was mean , one companion says off camera , addressing the alleged puppy thrower by his last name ."
german olympic officials have pledged to send a team to china .
us president george bush told a university memorial service it was a day of sadness for our entire nation .
"al qaeda is stepping up its efforts to sneak terror operatives into the united states and has acquired most of the capabilities it needs to strike here , according to a new u . s . intelligence assessment , the associated press has learned ."
"there s his ex wife , now his boss at least until the department is disbanded and his partner , a half jewish , half tlingit named berko who s far more responsible than landsman ."
"south korea thursday strongly protested japan s recent efforts to step up its claim to dokdo , a group of rocky islets in the east sea , through an explicit distortion of textbooks ."
flying with the flu ?
"what we said is what we ve said to north korea , if you want to if you want the way forward , if you want to be accepted by the world , if you want not to be isolated , get rid of your weapons programs ."
"with the announcement , richardson becomes the third former presidential rival to join obama s team ."
"it s true , he told afp , i think he was everything we thought a decent new zealander ought to be ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"these capital injections are something that secretary henry paulson is actively considering , said perino ."
renois said the apparent cause of the latest collapse was faulty construction .
"medical teams at the theme park tried to revive her , but by the time the ambulance arrived , the girl had died , he said ."
sean connery says he will not return to play dad to harrison ford s globe trotting adventurer indy .
to provide diverse communications to its customers and cope with fast changing market conditions .
u . s . markets shrug off recession fears
"about 5 , 000 fans , hordes of photographers and los angeles mayor antonio r . villaraigosa attended the news conference ."
both his family and his employers reject the charges .
"we did have some good signs in berlin , but i think we also know that there is going to be some rather hard bargaining , so we ll see how we do ."
"we ve had enough of the can t do , won t do , won t even try approach from george bush and john mccain , said obama , the front runner for the democratic presidential nomination . we can t afford another president who can t be bothered to stand up for working people ."
"on the eastern side , children bearing flowers welcomed the north korean train as it arrived at jejin station ."
the woman s sentence provoked outrage in the west and cast light on the treatment of women under saudi arabian law .
another paper also claimed police intend to take some of madeleine s toys for analysis .
there s good news for some 70 thousand american fighting men and women and their families today .
there are things that are working .
but some are questioning whether she s ready to follow the path taken by her father and her two uncles .
"his lawyer , tian wenchang , said he already had appealed ."
"hundreds of flag waving chinese students gathered at the starting and ending points of the olympic torch relay in kuala lumpur monday , far outnumbering the handful of people who carried pro tibet signs ."
"imus apologized monday , both on his show and on a syndicated radio program hosted by the rev . al sharpton , who is among several black leaders demanding his ouster ."
negotiators had hoped that the talks would concrete steps by north korea to dismantle its nuclear programs in more than three years of negotiations and especially since pyongyang s successful nuclear test in october .
"i felt that this was not acceptable to me at all , chungtak said wearing a sash labeled miss tibet on her long cream colored dress ."
san francisco police combed the city s zoo on wednesday for clues as to how a tiger escaped from its enclosure on christmas and killed a teenager and wounded two others .
a 70 minute rain break held her up at 3 0 in the second set but she quickly moved in for the kill on the resumption and will face italian 28th seed mara santangelo in the third round .
police alerted to tuesday s attack shot and killed the tiger after they shouted to try to divert its attention from one of the victims on the ground and it turned towards them .
"in cavite , a province south of manila , 20 families were stranded in five feet 1 . 5 meters of flood water as garbage clogged rivers and canals ."
the government has calculated that creating a similar barrier around the rest of the country would cost too much .
"in a news conference and a posting monday on the government s web site , the communications minister , willian lara , described two incidents he said crossed the line"
"not for the 21 , 000 additional general motors workers who learned this morning they ll lose their factory jobs by next year , and not for car enthusiasts , who love the pontiac brand , which is going away ."
balfour s mother has also acknowledged her son has been questioned about the shootings .
"shortly after taking the oath of office , obama will climb into the mother of all hybrids part car , part truck and , from the looks of it , part tank ."
henry saw his 19th minute header well saved and minutes later the frenchman watched on in agony as his fierce shot rebounded off the post .
"north korean leader , kim jong il s reported visit to beijing this week has increased hopes for creating a more favorable environment to resolve the prolonged nuclear standoff , but experts are divided on whether his trip will yield any major breakthrough in pyongyang s battle with washington over the issue ."
she also poses wearing a shiny black bikini in a 2008 calendar that features women holding guns .
the international red cross on monday evacuated a wounded civilian and 17 women and children who wished to leave the camp .
iraq s united nations ambassador hamid al bayati says the government is doing all it can to bring stability to the war torn country .
"when sharks attack humans , it inevitably makes news it is a sexy story ."
"due to its fault lines , greece is one of the most quake prone countries in the european union ."
"given the financial damage to date , i cannot see how we can avoid a significant rise in layoffs and unemployment ."
"gordon johndroe , spokesman for the white house s national security council , said former prime minister bhutto and other political party members must be permitted freedom of movement and all protesters released . it is crucial for pakistan s future that moderate political forces work together to bring pakistan back on the path to democracy ."
iraq prime minister nuri al maliki has called on senior leaders in iraq s bitterly divided communities to hold crisis talks this week .
"he will then head to bahrain , the united arab emirates , saudi arabia and egypt ."
"hamas prime minister ismail haniya delivered a defiant speech monday , promising that the current conflict with israel will deliver a new future to the people of gaza ."
new unemployment numbers are increasing expectations that an economic recovery could kick in before the end of the year .
roger federer matched the legendary bjorn borg by winning his fifth successive wimbledon title after an epic five set victory over spain s rafael nadal in sunday s final .
"but i always had this tug in the back of my head , the things i wanted to do , to raise children , have children . i m enjoying it very much ."
"the u . s . administration has ruled out such a move , but says some form of written security guarantee could be possible ."
"the army set up the checkpoint last week in the taji area , about 12 miles 20 kilometers north of baghdad ."
"possible bulletin board material for the gators and tebow , a former heisman trophy winner ."
"this crime committed in other country s territorial waters is nothing but brutal piracy that could be committed only by samurais of japan in defiance of international laws , the official korea central news agency said ."
the group expects growth to stall or rise by just two percent globally for all of 2009 .
"precious time is being squandered here , and we do not have time to spare , the spokesman , sonny olsen . he was flanked by dozens of relatives sunday ."
howard who faces reelection this year is a staunch supporter of president bush and committed australian troops to help the u . s . led invasion of iraq in 2003 .
go back millions of years to the grasslands of africa .
"currently , the constitution calls for an elected official to step down and wait a year before seeking a third term ."
"in addition , america said the system would not be made operational unless iran test fires a missile that could threaten europe ."
"you cannot fight terrorism in a dirty war in our name , said ignasi guardans cambo , speaking for the liberal group ."
"sharif returned to pakistan last month , ending seven years in exile in saudi arabia ."
"but trade experts and other observers were not fully convinced that the comment , the first of its kind that kim has made , was a discussion of hypotheticals ."
flying with the flu ?
"but no widespread campaign is expected at this time , they added , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss policy ."
"after the ceremony at windsor castle , the knights wore their traditional ostrich feather hats and velvet robes as they walked to st . george s chapel in the castle grounds for a service ."
"pyongyang s list included television sets , blackboards , desks and chairs , according to the korea times ."
"however , it turned out that the revelation is a rehash of a 1998 court ruling concerning lee s violation of the election law ."
"berlin , germany ap no more croissants for knut the polar bear cub the berlin zoo is putting its most famous resident on a diet ."
"professor kang sung keun at seoul national university , one of hwang s lieutenants , sunday argued the embryonic cell batch featured in the u . s . journal , science , in 2004 , is the real thing ."
it is a new beginning for me . i feel like i already lived three lives .
he went on to win the pulitzer for editorial cartooning in 1987 .
"australia has about 1 , 500 troops in and around iraq , but rudd won power in australia s national election on november 24 with a promise to bring frontline forces home ."
"islam , democracy and the west ."
not all the online pursuits were serious .
president bush described as excessive the 30 month prison sentence libby was facing for having obstructed an inquiry into the leaking of a cia agent s name .
word of iraq s intent to file charges came as no surprise .
"the barclays offer , mostly in shares , was worth at least 10 percent less than the rbs led bid , which is mostly in cash ."
"the prime defendants acquitted of mass murder but found guilty of lesser charges included abdelmajid bouchar and youssef belhadj , both convicted of membership in a terrorist group and sentenced to 12 years in prison ."
"the question is why when jobs dry up in those areas they re not moving on into more lucrative locations , and the reason is that the welfare system , our housing subsidy system and all of our manifold welfare programs , heavily subsidize them to remain where they are and to remain unemployed ."
"in his last visit to the state before voters go to the polls , mccain said , the pundits have written me off just like they ve done four or five times in the past ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the top executives at microsoft and yahoo have not held any recent discussions to break an impasse that threatens to turn microsoft s 3 month old takeover bid into a slugfest .
"rejecting criticism that he has been relatively quiet on the violence in gaza , obama said he believes the one area where the principle of one president at a time has to hold is when it comes to foreign policy ."
"a powerful earthquake in northeastern indonesia on tuesday caused panicked residents to flee shaking buildings on islands in the maluku sea and briefly triggered a tsunami warning , officials said ."
"it also offers a refreshing change for a country still reeling from taliban rule , which banned music and television from 1996 to 2001 isolating people from a significant piece of afghan culture ."
fitton pointed to what president reagan did when facing a similar situation .
"sen . john warner , a virginia republican , said thursday that a pullout was needed to spur iraqi leaders to action ."
"a graduate student using a robotic telescope that was part of the texas supernova search project first detected sn 2006gy on september 18 , 2006 ."
the focus of talks should be the dismantlement of north s nuclear crisis .
"the official government count is at least 26 , but hospital sources in algiers told cnn affiliate bfm tv that 76 people were killed in the two blasts ."
ruling party will push for a second inter korean summit meeting .
"defense ministry spokesman mohammed al askari said the arrest of al masri , also known as abu hamza al muhajir , was confirmed to him by the iraqi commander of the province ."
jets have been known to stall when their engines take in large amounts of ash .
the declining u . s . dollar and speculation that the u . s . federal reserve will again cut interest rates also boosted prices .
the gators grabbed the lead on jonathan philips 27 yard field goal with 10 45 left in the fourth quarter .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"synonymous with cuba , just like castro and che guevara , cigars are revered by connoisseurs and part of the country s political landscape ."
"speaking to the arabic satellite network al arabiya on thursday , bandar now abdullah s national security adviser said saudi intelligence was actively following most of the september 11 , 2001 , plotters with precision ."
"it was a serious accident , but everything was under control , fiamoncini said . but about 90 minutes later , all of a sudden , for no reason another truck arrived and ran everybody over , firefighters , police , people who stopped at the scene , fiamoncini said ."
"naomi campbell has been charged with assaulting two police officers during a luggage rage incident at heathrow airport , her lawyer and prosecutors said thursday ."
the company says the stations to be sold will continue to sell exxonmobil product .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"so while he said he plans to take the stand , he s also said he ll follow his lawyer s advice ."
"roosevelt hospital said it had received four passengers who were being treated for hypothermia , but had no further injures ."
"maria sharapova , who ruled the 2006 u . s . open in an elegant , black tennis outfit , dressed in red for the opening match of her title defense on tuesday and was on fire in a sizzling 6 0 6 1 romp over italian roberta vinci ."
public broadcaster nhk and kyodo news agency said the man is believed to be a 40 year old briton living in spain who visited the moat with several spanish friends .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the local power company reported spotty power outages in the area because of storms .
"russia has no actual interest in the highly costly build up of forces because it faces no real military threat and has no plans to launch an attack of its won , he said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"berens owns and operates panther ridge conservation center , which provides homes for exotic cats , authorities said ."
three days of fighting have left more than 100 iraqis dead .
the british press association said that ritchie has broken off from filming in france to fly back to the uk to inform his parents of the split .
"in one of the most unusual moments in korean baseball history , lee , 49 , now a coach for the first place sk wyverns , stepped out of the dugout after the fifth inning stripped down to his under shorts attached with fake buttocks , socks and cleats and jogged toward the outfield followed by 20 members of the team s official fan club ."
"the new york giants thrilling win over the new england patriots was the most watched super bowl ever , with 97 . 5 million viewers , nielsen media research said monday ."
state department spokesman tom casey told reporters in washington that there is every reason to anticipate there will be a round next week .
"keith ellison , d minnesota , in her delegation ."
"two passenger trains collided in eastern china s shandong province monday morning , killing at least 70 and injuring 420 , the xinhua said ."
"the taliban commander , who wished to remain anonymous , told the korea times correspondent over the telephone that they had received 20 million from the korean delegation ."
"geneva the most common type of gorilla is now critically endangered , one step away from global extinction , according to the 2007 red list of threatened species released wednesday by the world conservation union ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the tibetan leader said in a university statement that he looks forward to offering his services to students and the community .
north korea and japan agreed to discuss the unsolved issue during the sept .
"israel also says it welcomes an egyptian french ceasefire proposal , as long as hamas stops militant weapons smuggling and rocket attacks ."
sen . john mccain this week begins a bus tour of five states that he says helped shape his views and make him the politician who will carry the gop torch in the upcoming presidential election .
"aung thein , a lawyer for the opposition national league for democracy , said it was not clear what statements they were accused of making ."
shares of sun microsystems fell more than 23 percent monday on news that ibm withdrew its acquisition offer over the weekend .
what he got instead is a 22 year old international arms dealer who faces a congressional inquiry for allegedly selling old chinese ammunition to the u . s . military to equip allies in afghanistan .
the ap s bob salsberg reports it from boston that kennedy has already had six weeks of chemotherapy and radiation treatment .
the company ordinarily shuts down operations between dec . 24 and jan . 5 .
i was hitting aces and when i was hitting good first serves they weren t coming back . i was really pleased with my serve tonight .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
he s meeting with a family struggling to afford the cost of college .
living in a cage in hong kong
"bottom will be all cities in africa , with many of south africa s cities facing waves of crime that may wash away that country s much needed new investment ."
the us military said it killed 12 militants preparing suicide attacks in a house east of baquba .
it says the system is not aimed at russia but moscow says its security is threatened .
"some date references , including a mention of democrats gaining the majority in congress , may indicate the tape is new ."
"portugal will meet turkey , the czech republic and switzerland in group a ."
"it sets a goal of pulling all combat troops out of iraq by the end of march of next year , but does not explicitly demand their removal ."
sarkozy has insisted that any minister would have to leave the government if they failed to be elected .
police said joshua mauldin told them he put ana marie in the microwave because he was under stress .
"according to abc news , the call came after hilton s mother , kathy , phoned walters ."
"calling the decision an outrage , sen . hillary clinton urged president bush to protest the decision to the saudi authorities ."
"parviz khan , basiru gassama , mohammed irfan , and hamid elasmar entered their pleas several weeks ago , but the media were restricted from reporting the matter until tuesday , when two other men went on trial alongside the four ."
the idea create a luxurious atmosphere for one specific reason
three bodies found hours after the crash were those of two adults and an infant .
"french actress isabelle caro , 27 , who has suffered anorexia for 15 years and weighs just 31 kilograms appears in the adverts next to the slogan no anorexia ."
that decrease had been the biggest one day move in more than two decades .
"organ music the last official event of the inauguration , a national prayer service , leading back to george washington s time , is being held in washington s national cathedral and getting under way about now ."
the 30 foot long nigersaurus had a feather light skull held close to the ground to graze like an ancient cow .
"the city s official count of homeless people in seoul rose to 730 in october , the highest number recorded since the 1997 98 asian financial crisis ."
"israel s been put on a war footing , an indication of a lengthy operation ."
"gefitinib has been taken by at least 10 , 000 cancer patients since it was cleared for use in japan in july ."
"the group is said to have left the north korean port of tongchon on friday evening , pretending to go fishing ."
"the korea times reports that while a bit eclipsed by the nuclear standoff , north and south korea have already started to liven up joint events to celebrate the inter korean summit in 2000 as the north has invited some high profile figures from the south , including key aides to former president kim dae jung ."
"some of the team s key figures , including captain dimitar berbatov have already said penev would be the right man ."
"a subspecies of virginia white tailed deer , they stand just 30 inches tall at the shoulder ."
"kim soo jinm a 19 year old female college student in seoul , grew up watching hollywood blockbusters , and seeing an american hero take revenge on the bad guys was always fun ."
"ferrer will play federer , while moya will take on the fourth seed novak djokovic of serbia , who had to win twice on thursday to take his place in the quarterfinals ."
"the current history book clearly states the incident was a political coup d etat by the dictatorial former president , then an army general ."
"mccain was in new orleans on the fourth day of a tour through some economically struggling democratic states , trying to convince voters that he s not the typical republican ."
living in a cage in hong kong
avoid late meals and alcohol
south korean envoys are in kabul and an afghan minister in ghazni says he is optimistic the captives will be freed .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"both sides tried to go on offense , with the obama camp accusing mccain of yet another flip flop , and mccain s camp saying obama has broken his word . in the 2004 race , similar accusations helped president bush defeat sen . john kerry ."
"but it really is , he said ."
baez spoke to cnn about sustaining her voice and finding happiness in her 60s .
"scholastic would not say at the time how much recycled paper it used , but said it did not use paper from ancient or endangered forests ."
"they ve spent hours in the forest already , but all the traps they ve set are empty ."
ingram said he was satisfied that a conviction would land someone on
marine women split with their spouses at a rate of 9 . 2 compared to 3 . 3 for male marine .
"managing the service department of an atlanta , georgia , car dealership is a stressful job , according to debbie peek ."
the investor was charged in december with one count of securities fraud .
the blazers are pumping huge clouds of smoke into the sky and forcing tens of thousands of people to shelters .
"wednesday , twc customers faced the prospect that channels such as nickelodeon , comedy central and mtv could go dark as of 12 01 a . m . thursday ."
"i don t know , scorsese said . it s good to have a nomination , especially for this picture ."
did we land on the moon ?
"officers were dispatched to patrol the campus as a precaution , and campus entrances were restricted ."
"london , england cnn the uk s prince harry has been serving on the frontline in afghanistan and seen combat , the uk ministry of defense confirmed thursday ."
"with condon out of the race , scorsese s path to oscar victory could prove a bit easier ."
the world number one crushed american james blake 6 1 6 4 to win his 14th masters series title and 50th career singles crown .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"so , in this case , can a rabbit ."
he didn t know it was illegal .
us defence secretary robert gates called it a backdoor attempt to pull troops off the battlefield .
"asian stocks plunged monday , dragged down by last week s decline on wall street and on the yen s strength against the u . s . dollar ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
european stocks fell slightly friday amid ongoing speculation about potential problems in the banking sector .
"people who haven t selected what sex they are frequently get defaulted to the wrong sex entirely , naomi gleit , a facebook product manager , wrote friday in a company blog ."
the power of the river is just too much
"all this is is a one day hiccup in being able to move the arm around , so it s no big deal , said ed sedivy , program manager for the phoenix flight system for lockheed martin corp . in denver ."
prosecutors have been taking a hard line against corruption in south korea .
the ap s chelsea carter is in the iraqi capital
"when the leader of their group , played by john legend , dies suddenly , the two make their way to harlem s apollo theater for a tribute ."
i m talking now as a prime minister and not as a member of the party . . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the perfect mirror reflects light from all angles and does not absorb any of it . it could have been used , for example , to reflect back enemy laser beams , he continued"
"in fact , airport officials say travel is down 8 ."
fox debuted on the annual list in 2006 at no . 68 and ranked at no . 65 in 2007 .
"the nasdaq composite index dropped 11 . 60 points , or 0 . 45 percent , to close at 2 , 544 . 89 ."
"employees of the sydney morning herald and a television crew from 7 network were sitting in the back of the plane , and reported seeing a number of fatalities , the sources said ."
a functioning workplace that is also a living laboratory for researching office design .
"dignitaries from around the world are attending the service in st mary s church , which is being televised via satellite links around the world ."
"we have told the iranian and the americans , we know that you have a problem with each other , but we are asking you please solve your problems outside iraq ."
other examples of a decline in violence have emerged as well .
"protesters gathered near the chinese embassy in new delhi on wednesday , where one tibetan woman shouted"
"i wish that they would , i know they re in dire circumstances but , you know , somebody has to speak up for the taxpayer ."
"nine others are eight filipinos , and one nigerian driver who was released one hour later ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
microsoft korea has charged that hana bank illegally copied its most popular software programs and installed them on thousands of its office computers without paying for them .
"clinton , obama s rival for the democratic presidential nomination , and her husband , former president clinton , have suggested a joint clinton obama ticket with obama in the second slot ."
harvard and other prestigious u . s . universities are benefiting from a surge in enrollment as children of the baby boomer generation graduate from high school .
"prompted by disappointing corporate earnings , soaring oil prices and credit worries , the dow jones industrial average plunged nearly 370 points to 13 , 522 . 02 on friday , new york time ."
this democratic congress and the house armed services committee will not let the president get away with saying whatever he wants without checking his facts anymore .
down on security in baghdad .
draft likely to be reduced
"admitting another mistake , bush said that he should have pursued a comprehensive immigration overhaul after the 2004 election , instead of social security reform ."
"li gave few specifics and declined to answer questions about expected retirements and promotions in the party s ruling politburo , highlighting the secretive party s extreme sensitivity over personnel issues ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"nearly 60 million in u . s . aid to the palestinians has been cleared for transfer to palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas , the state department said tuesday ."
how did he sail to a big electoral victory over john mccain ?
"obama led rival sen . hillary clinton by 61 percent to 38 percent , with all of the precincts reporting ."
the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change has forecast a rise in sea levels of at least 7 . 1 inches 18 cm by the end of the century .
"despite its comparatively small population , new hampshire has traditionally carried an importance disproportionate to its size due to its status as the first state to go to the polls in the u . s . primary calendar ."
"in the chilean capital , santiago , a bomb exploded outside the branch of a u . s . bank in an act believed to be a protest against the war , police said ."
sunlight
"we ve already seen reports from manufacturers that they re having to cut prices to sell their products to retailers , and retailers in turn are discounting heavily for the christmas season ."
"nuclear talks between north korea and five other nations , including the united states and south korea , are stalled over whether pyongyang will hand over a promised full declaration of its nuclear programs its uranium enrichment program as well as alleged proliferation activities in return for concessions ."
officials are continuing their negotiations with a delegation from the militant group to free the remaining 19 hostages .
"cnn chilean president michelle bachelet arrived in the quake zone , announcing a state of emergency and promising aid after three powerful aftershocks rattled the region thursday , according to state owned media ."
"casualty figures were not available , but the army said it believes each boat could have held five to six people ."
"aung kyi , viewed as a moderate , is the first officially designated liaison appointed by the junta to meet with the opposition leader ."
the 46 year old soccer great who led argentina to the 1986 world cup championship has been in the hospital for most of the last three weeks with ailments linked to excessive drinking .
a fourth officer is in grave condition .
"they really want pizza and beer , says judith aylward , senior food technologist at the u . s . army soldier systems center in natick , massachusetts ."
but the u . s . and eu say that kosovo s move is not the precursor for a wave of declarations of independence .
both the dow and nasdaq have now ended lower for six sessions in a row .
"the country s king , sultan mizan zainal abidin , approved the decision , abdullah told reporters in a televised news conference to announce his decision ."
"at least five years , jordan said ."
"customers , colleagues , analysts , journalists , and many more ."
"after the sentence was read , fujimori consulted quickly with his defense lawyer and then addressed the judge , saying he was partially appealing the sentence and the fine . he did not elaborate ."
madoff could get up to 150 years in jail .
sen . john mccain strongly criticized sen . barack obama wednesday for not visiting iraq in more than two years and for turning down the arizona senator s suggestion that the two should make a joint trip to the country .
people who disappointed bush s victory are for canada .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"last week , the tribune s scared of santa web site had 2 million hits ."
"istanbul , turkey cnn turkey s top general warned that ties with the u . s . , already strained by attacks from rebels hiding in iraq , will be irreversibly damaged if congress passes a resolution that labels the world war i era killings of armenians a genocide ."
of course using gps data to link virtual worlds to the real world or vice versa is not new in mobile gaming witness virtual treasure hunts on city streets and the like .
"the national intelligence service said tuesday that the national assembly and nine other government institutes related to national security , have recently been attacked by hackers in cyber space ."
a theory that thimerosal is to blame for autism has been repeatedly discounted in scientific studies .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"i don t know , scorsese said . it s good to have a nomination , especially for this picture ."
"the situation had calmed by sunday , but there were reports of sporadic fighting ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the man tried three more times to force his way in and then began firing through the door , she said ."
.
"neck kiss , in which you kiss up and down your partner s neck"
hundreds of houses have gone to the highest bidders at an auction of foreclosed homes in new york
"for the first time in korean history , the defense ministry seeks to introduce a german style parliamentary watchdog system under which the national assembly appointed ombudsman is entitled to monitor possible human rights abuses of soldiers , a ministry spokesman said on sunday ."
"but skeptics , in general , would like to see something that pokes holes into the story that so many people hold dear ."
"they walked through the streets sunday chanting in arabic , no , no to the occupiers yes , yes to islam and iraq will always be independent and free of occupiers , police said ."
"the revision is designed to evenly distribute the assets , which couples create over their marriage life , to their spouses regardless of the number of other heirs ."
"in barcelona , between 500 , 000 and 750 , 000 people , according to figures given by city hall and organizers , protested against the war , calling for the resignation of prime minister jose maria aznar , one of the strongest pro war allies of u . s ."
"oscar organizers insist their show will come off as planned , with or without the writers ."
ahmadinejad s speech came as iran celebrated nuclear technology day .
the police official said he did not know if she was married in the real world .
bush acknowledges the global stock selloff has been startling .
world markets down following obama victory
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
to say no to the referendum is to say no to chavez read some of the placards the students paraded .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
no deaths were reported .
"what s that say about the old fairy tale notion of , as the princesses say , assume the position and wait for some man to save them ?"
economic woes have dominated this year s campaign as candidates step up their promises to improve the economy and increase visits to business areas and industrial parks .
"about 200 fans gathered outside the hotel , just opposite berlin s landmark brandenburg gate , and security had to remove some from the lobby ."
aid groups set up freshwater tanks to provide clean drinking water .
"lukas podolski pulled a goal back late on for germany with his third strike in two games to set up a nail biting finale , but there was to be no way back for joachim loew s team , who finished with 10 men following the 90th minute dismissal of substitute bastian schweinsteiger ."
"i would say that as a candidate , sen . obama said that he wanted all the bush executive orders reviewed and decide which ones should be kept and which ones should be repealed and which ones should be amended , and that process is going on . it s been undertaken , podesta said sunday on fox news ."
the international olympic committee said earlier this month that it will retest samples from the beijing games for cera .
living in a cage in hong kong
"its member teachers will hold special classes denouncing the group , globalization and the united states in their elementary and secondary school classrooms ."
"the u . s . military is holding seven iranian intelligence service personnel in iraq , spokesman maj . gen . william caldwell told cnn s late edition in an interview taped friday ."
"reporters may have misread that demeanor monday , when one remarked that flinchum seemed dispassionate about the campus shootings that left 32 people and the gunman dead in the worst mass shooting in u . s . history ."
"obama s republican rival , sen . john mccain , issued a statement monday afternoon"
"taiwan s president , chen shui bian , made unusually strong pro independence remarks sunday in a message apparently aimed at provoking rival china and shoring up his base ."
"larger states like california and florida , who previously held their primaries later on in the process , have now moved their elections forward ."
"once it s in a nasal cavity like that , a little membrane forms around , and it just becomes a foreign body ."
the israeli military surrounded densely populated gaza city late monday as the death toll mounts in the war torn territory .
"earle penned one of the album s standout tracks , god is god , which he describes as recovery speak ."
"he s falling off in areas like ability , confidence and intelligence , while barack obama is more trusted on the economy ."
we have the means several countries have the means to destroy a bomb .
a korean translation of the general s comments was posted on the association s web site yesterday .
"the decade long economic boom drove many to work harder to take advantage of the good times , but even as the boom stalls , few experts expect the pressures and expectations on workers to ease ."
"lansing , michigan cnn firefighters cut a hole in the side of a house and used a forklift to extricate a 900 pound man from his second floor bedroom after a visiting nurse became worried about his health ."
"about a dozen police and 30 town officials were searching for the monkey , said shigeru arai , deputy chief of police in suwa town , about 160 kilometers northwest of tokyo ."
"harper said he accepted the resignation of maxime bernier , who has come under fire in recent weeks after it was reported that his ex girlfriend had previous relationships with men who had ties with organized crime ."
"jeffs , president of the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints , is charged with two counts of rape as an accomplice ."
"mccain could win enough delegates to mathematically secure his party s nomination tuesday , though he has been the presumed gop nominee for weeks ."
a north korean official expressed strong discontent over the south s attitude toward the kaesong industrial complex .
the appointment of chung has been a controversial issue within the korean music scene .
"chavez made the moves in reaction to an operation carried out at dawn saturday by colombia s national police and its air force in ecuador , which resulted in the death of the second in command of the farc rebels group , luis edgar devia silva , known as raul reyes ."
"despite all your swaddling , singing , and swaying , however , they may still sob for about three hours over the course of a day , and that s ok ."
and what s the key to doing a good bush ?
they have since fallen slightly but remain at near record levels .
"the recruitment has become urgent as while the gnp has secured 153 out of the 299 seats , this is short of the 168 required for an absolute majority in the national assembly ."
"the warm weather season begins in late november and early december , but you ll want to plan way ahead for your trip ."
washington cnn top bush administration officials are shifting into damage control mode after a house committee narrowly approved a resolution that labels the killings of armenians in turkey during world war i as genocide .
the activity was reported by palestinian security sources .
"nobody is ill , said hong jong taek , who is 42 , one of the south korean workers , in a phone interview ."
"whatever a web page can do , so can a pair of shoes , says rafi haladjian , the visionary co founder of violet ."
even the normally sparkling blue sea resembled a foamy chocolate milk .
and the united states has called north korea s refusal to allow inspectors into its nuclear facilities it will continue to work with allies to convince pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program .
"at the national association of broadcasters nab industry conference , the software giant is expected to announce that several behind the scenes audio and video production companies will make some of their products compatible with microsoft s windows media player format ."
"naval air service mechanic henry allingham is the oldest , having turned 112 in june ."
he stressed that the purpose of the panel was not to second guess anyone or any decision but to make virginia safer .
second group of north korean defectors arrived in seoul .
draft likely to be reduced
its heat powers the solar system .
"caracas , venezuela ap the strike against president hugo chavez s rule began strangling venezuela s critical oil industry as thousands of opposition demonstrators noisily marched to a key symbol of the president s revolution ."
it can take dozens of professional developers and millions of dollars to create a video game for a traditional console such as a playstation or an xbox .
"in los angeles , dodgers catcher russell martin wants to close out the chicago cubs tonight ."
draft likely to be reduced
flying with the flu ?
"authorities detained members of the french charity , zoe s ark , in october as they tried to fly 103 children from chad to france ."
"police in japan arrested a man who ran an internet suicide site for allegedly killing a woman who paid him to do so , an official said thursday ."
"but leaders in the united states and other countries , including some european nations , have expressed concerns that iran may be pursuing nuclear weapons under the guise of a nuclear energy program ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"residents , fearing the change would reduce their property values and threaten their livelihoods , clashed with police and looted government offices , the gansu daily reported ."
"gfp was first observed in 1962 , in the crystal jellyfish which drifts with the currents off the west coast of north america ."
"the picture i want up there is the one of the suspect , mr . stiles , demeo said ."
he had been scheduled to play 1987 wimbledon champion pat cash at the liverpool international tournament this week .
"many in the u . s . tech industry worry that not enough students are pursuing careers in engineering , math , and science ."
cycling is a sport of the open road and spectators are lining the road .
"if paterson selects kennedy , it would mean the continuation of a kennedy legacy in the senate that began 56 years ago with the election of her father , john f . kennedy , as the junior senator from massachusetts ."
"according to the bank , previous calculations have overestimated the size of china s economy by about 40 ."
"after an unpublicised change to the route , the chinese ambassador carried the torch through chinatown ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"meantime , the saudi government denies claims from militants that they had saudi police assistance when they abducted american paul johnson ."
the force may soon be coming to a television near you .
"asked about reports that the transition team already has identified a number of areas where obama could issue executive orders as soon as he takes office , john podesta said he would not preview decisions that obama has yet to make ."
watch as obama outlines his plans for iraq
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
anderson will replace sunita williams on the international space station and williams will return to earth aboard atlantis .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"lafayette , indiana cnn a woman whose diamond ring vanished while she was making fudge for a bake sale was despondent after scouring her home and finding no sign of it ."
the ap s bryant thomas in washington .
"there are kids who are trying to get to school , and they re not arriving ."
"the suspects , whose identities were not known , boarded the train"
"i was up there , laughing my butt off , so"
"a taiwanese china airlines plane has burst into flames at naha airport , on the japanese island of okinawa ."
the ministry of science and technology most said thursday it is looking to draw up a draft in march for presentation to the national assembly .
"80 percent of the trauma patient s face was transplanted , the spokeswoman said ."
arsenal might have grabbed a late winner as fabregas hit the post and substitute niklas bendtner fired the rebound over with the goal gaping .
"the associated press reported the flight was carrying 455 passengers and a crew of about 30 , including four pilots ."
"beirut , lebanon ap tens of thousands packed into a city square wednesday to mark the second anniversary of former prime minister rafik hariri s assassination as hundreds of troops were deployed a day after bus bombings killed three people ."
"troubled diva amy winehouse is also scheduled to sing , if her doctors allow it ."
"in a 76 page affidavit , federal authorities said wiretaps caught blagojevich conspiring to sell or trade the vacant senate seat in exchange for financial benefits for himself and his wife , patti ."
"using computer models , university of california at los angeles ucla professors and researchers tracked planetary orbits as far back as 250 million years ago ."
"army lt . col . dominic rocky baragona was just an hour away from a u . s . base in kuwait ultimately headed home to the united states when a tractor trailer operated by kuwait and gulf link transport company slammed into his humvee on may 19 , 2003 , killing him instantly ."
investigators are checking out gambling as the possible motivation for a boston medical student accused of targeting women who advertised erotic services on craigslist .
draft likely to be reduced
omar said his relationship with his father was limited .
"after initially focusing on the possibility that she was abducted from her hotel room , police switched their focus to her parents when forensic tests conducted at a government laboratory in britain found evidence that dna from madeleine was in the trunk of a rental car the parents used after her disappearance ."
"pyongyang said it regretted the delay , but said the meeting could be held next month , after the conclusion of the military exercise ."
all rights reserved .
all rights reserved .
"his wife , anne , is believed to be in the united states after leaving panama on a flight late thursday , a panamanian immigration representative told cnn ."
che film gets thumbs up in cuba
"citing a recent recording from al qaeda leader osama bin laden that threatens attacks on europe , bush said the war in afghanistan must be won ."
"police have not yet confirmed the victim s identity , but they say they ve arrested a man in the fatal shooting at the beverly center"
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the united states , the iraqi government and the autonomous krg have launched diplomatic efforts to keep turkey from launching an offensive against the pkk ."
seventeen percent think the situation is improving .
the interior ministry said the dead and injured included
"according to the 2006 return , obama and his wife , michelle , earned over 991 , 000 in 2006 and paid 277 , 431 on the income ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
newman issued a statement late tuesday that said he s doing nicely but didn t specifically address questions about cancer .
"a few physicians have declined to participate in force feeding , although the specific number has not been tracked , haupt said ."
seoul s transportation system is to be changed drastically starting 1 of june .
"prompted by government attempts to cut pension privileges , the strikes will be for 24 hours but could be prolonged to friday , ricard said ."
"barabanki , india cnn torrential rains overnight compounded the misery of 2 million marooned indian villagers , killing another 11 people and raising the death toll from house collapses and floods in south asia to 240 , officials said sunday ."
"he found the necklace about seven years ago , he said , but researchers kept quiet for fear that looters would raid the site . they also wanted to allow time for chemical analysis before announcing their discovery on tuesday ."
"and this commitment , if we keep it , is a way to shared accomplishment ."
"a documentary featuring images of the car crash in which princess diana died should not be shown because of the distress it will cause her family , britain s opposition conservatives said on monday ."
"however , kim did not rule out the possibility that the patient could have ordinary bacterial pneumonia ."
quito attempted to soak up the pressure .
"more than 250 , 000 passengers made it safely onto trains in a 24 hour period , said xian wei xiong , guangzhou s transportation director ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
billionaire businessman thaksin was ousted in a military coup after allegations of widespread corruption in his government .
"earlier thursday , bush said a report on u . s . set benchmarks for iraq shows satisfactory progress in eight areas ."
"sao paulo , brazil cnn naomi campbell has been hospitalized in sao paulo and is being treated by one of brazil s top specialists in infectious disease , the hospital s press office said tuesday ."
flying with the flu ?
korea to double african aid by . . .
"schuster explained that keratin , the hard covering of hair , could protect the dna ."
"scolari appears to lack options in attack , selecting benfica s nuno gomes , who has scored just one league goal in the past five months , as well as helder postiga of panathinaikos who has won 10 caps and last played for portugal nine months ago ."
"the system has a computer , motor , gears , battery and sensors embedded in it so it responds to a person s movements , according to honda motor co ."
"however , it is possible that kyle could delay its turn for by about six hours , which would bring the center and some of the stronger winds closer to cape cod and the eastern portions of new england ."
"in a meeting held at the jw marriott hotel in seoul , the board of 15 members unanimously approved not to offer a contract extension to laughlin , meaning his tenure will end on july 14 this year ."
"the messenger spacecraft is set for launch august 2nd on a seven year journey that will loop around earth , venus and mercury ."
"doubt , frost nixon and the curious case of benjamin button"
"the resolution would expand the u . n . mandate in iraq to include fostering regional dialogue on matters such as border security , energy and refugees ."
the full senate is expected to approve clinton s nomination before obama takes office next tuesday .
he is believed to have been the target of the attack .
bayrou has sought to put a new face on french politics by tapping voter frustration with the traditional left and right .
"he will stay at milan on loan for a couple of months , adriano galliani , president of ac milan was quoted on the club s web site ."
"china is on the verge of a catastrophe that could result in unimaginable suffering , economic loss and social devastation , said the 89 page report 30 , 736 people were carrying the hiv virus , and 684 people died from illnesses related to the disease ."
who will be the next un secretary general ?
"that is not his fault , nor his father s , the enemies of islam wanted him to destroy his life and those of other muslims ."
the web site s mission
"so they feel a negative signal when they are disconnected from others , cacioppo said ."
"reaction to the fed announcement was initially tepid as investors were betting on a full 1 percent cut , but by the end of the day the dow had risen another 200 points to close 420 up at 12393 ."
ruling uri party lawmakers lee kwang chol and ahn min seok said that the kfa manipulated official documents and kept their annual budget intentionally unclear .
"the exhibition takes the visitor on a chronological progression through a christian empire that was at the forefront of artistic innovation for more than 1 , 000 years ."
"the new evidence comes in the wake of the alleged massacre in haditha , where us marines are suspected of massacring up to 24 iraqi civilians in november 2005 ."
"japan and china agreed friday that the six party dialogue participants should meet at the asean regional forum arf in kuala lumpur , while china indicated that it does not want to hold talks without pyongyang s attendance ."
the militia is said to be at the center of the sunni shiite sectarian violence that has plagued the war ravaged nation .
"elections no doubt play a part , but the tendency of deforestation rising is deeply related to the fact that food prices are going up , said paulo adario , who coordinates greenpeace s amazon campaign ."
"american workers stay longer in the office , at the factory or on the farm than their counterparts in europe and most other rich nations , and they produce more per person over the year ."
blatter said the lack of competition from other south american nations was one reason behind fifa s decision monday to do away with the rotation system that gave each continent a turn at hosting the world cup .
"the arizona senator toured new orleans 9th ward , the neighborhood hit hardest by hurricane katrina , and discussed the tough times ahead for the poverty stricken area ."
george w bush has declared california a major disaster zone after four days of wildfires sparked the biggest us evacuation since hurricane katrina .
"our goal has been , and continues to be , to provide the best customer experience possible , jess blackburn , a spokesman for the company , told cnn in a written statement ."
"in most cases , the victims are average , honest , hardworking people ."
dr . emmanuel gines said more than 10 people were involved including staff and medical and nursing students from a nearby operating room .
hwang and roh were among the co authors of the paper on extracting 11 patient specific stem cells featured in the u . s . journal science this may .
this material may not be published .
"the amendments would abolish presidential term limits , give the president control over the central bank and let him create new provinces governed by handpicked officials ."
"we must give the plan for winning the military component of the war in iraq a real chance to succeed , said mcconnell , r kentucky ."
"early in the afternoon , there were problems powering up one of hubble s instruments , the advanced camera for surveys , though other instruments turned on normally ."
the agency said the ad s headline hottest back to school fares combined with the model s pose in an empty classroom appeared to link teenage girls with sexually provocative behavior .
martinetti said the decision by the judges in beijing in the disputed bout was made according to the rules .
on the agenda for the new president that day
"what if she lied to her husband about the monthly phone bills , as high as 400 ?"
"his personal physician , boleslav goldman , said he expected the prime minister would remain in hospital for three or four days ."
"the operation was launched with intelligence gleaned from the interrogations of suspects arrested in the unsuccessful february 2006 strike on an oil processing facility in the desert kingdom , an official told cnn ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the chief economist of standard and poor s david wyss tells the ap there will be dramatic up days and down days for a while and you could get caught in the buying .
"using the tiniest of needles , schneider sucked out the cells that seemed to give rise to beaks , called neural crest cells , from duck embryos and replaced them with neural crest cells from quail embryos , and vice versa ."
the rioting allegedly took place on friday and saturday .
"suzuki , who started their involvement with international rally competition with the 2002 junior world rally championship , entered two sx4 wrcs in the 2008 world rally championship ."
the fervent home fans were celebrating again 11 minutes later when johnson burst clear of two defenders down the right and kanu was waiting at the far post to slide his low cross into the net .
the south and north used halla san and paektu san as their respective call signs .
"cramer the regulators watch the tape , they realize the shenanigans that go on , they can go after this ."
"this city is beginning to do some things that i ve been waiting 25 years to see , goyeneche said . i think there is a renewed sense of purpose people are focused and demanding more than what was in play before katrina hit ."
a ministry official said the inspectors will reexamine and confirm all previous findings .
at a hearing before the u . s .
"people may have lost their concern for forests because there are more pressing agendas , but we have to go on harping until they realize , he added ."
"after being convicted of embezzlement , park yong sung , the former chairman of doosan group , was suspended from his seat on the international olympic committee ."
"the so called mideast quartet the united states , european union , russia and united nations has called on the new government to renounce terror and recognize israel , making those steps the keys for the resumption of governmental aid ."
"the ministry said the incident began around midday , when a convoy of sport utility vehicles came under fire from unidentified gunmen in the square ."
neither of the figures can be independently verified .
some gave fiery speeches while others just stood quietly by the tomb in a large mausoleum in the tigris river village of ouja the small hamlet just outside tikrit where saddam was born .
"it is the first object to be given a positive value , of 0 . 06 , on the palermo scale of potential threat posed by asteroids , although scientists said further calculations were needed to pin the precise path of 2002 nt7 ."
"may 3 from a hotel room in portugal s algarve region after her parents left her alone with her brother and sister , who are 2 year old twins , while they went to a nearby restaurant inside the hotel complex in praia da luz , a tiny resort town ."
"the proposed regulations would restrict people who have damaged the reputation of the country from traveling overseas , according to a ministry briefing for the cabinet yesterday ."
"but all of these mobile , technological gadgets that are so prevalent now somehow people just get sucked into their own little world of their cell phones , ipods , wireless computers . they re not existing in a society and realizing that their actions affect anyone else ."
"iran was a major topic wednesday during cnn correspondent michael ware s wide ranging , exclusive interview with al maliki ."
it is the first time that she has been called in by prosecutors .
"hyundai said the walkout would lead to a production loss of 2 , 654 vehicles , worth 36bn won ."
but top genocide suspects mladic and his political boss radovan karadzic are still at large .
"the north korean response came a day after the ministry of national defense sent a letter to the north , urging the north to stop verbal attacks and hostility to protest seoul s tougher stance toward the stalinist state ."
"the new south wales state minister for fair trading , linda burney , ordered the toys pulled from store shelves tuesday when it was learned a 2 year old boy and a 10 year old girl were admitted to a sydney hospital after swallowing large quantities of the beads ."
"a total of 91 . 4 million shares will be bought for 11 , 900 won apiece , the company said in a statement ."
"kraft says she enjoyed her maiden voyage on the train , which came courtesy of a local home builder that bought group tickets in one of the club cars . i loved the convenience of the train , she says ."
the pentagon has issued warnings about china s growing might in recent years .
the recording industry association of america announced yesterday it has sued nearly 500 more people for copyright infringement .
woo called on the south korean government to take stern diplomatic measures to prevent any further similar distortion of history by china .
"so many people tried to help , and at great effort and sacrifice , and through the christmas holiday ."
"jeremy s loved ones are fighting to replace those images with thoughts of their son and other victims of the massacre , by publicly celebrating his legacy ."
"although the grand national party has been making political hay with its push for tax reductions , the party s lawmakers have been proposing some huge spending increases , according to an examination of pending or proposed legislation by the joongang ilbo ."
"she was 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighed just 88 pounds , for a bmi of 13 . 4 ."
but the statement also suggested that subsequent talks should also include south korea and japan .
"one by one , american companies are giving up their leadership ."
wildfires burning out of control are continuing to threaten thousands of homes in california .
california governor arnold schwarzenegger will be there to watch him do it .
"st . sofia and st . michael cathedrals , both just up the hill from the independence square , and the landmark kiev pechersk lavra , also known as the cave monastery , overlooking the dnieper ."
"canterbury , england australian robbie mcewen shrugged off a mid race crash to score a stunning victory on the opening stage of the tour de france in canterbury on sunday ."
the world s worst airports
liechtenstein is made up of 11 villages .
"pakistani president , gen pervez musharraf , has been criticized for failing to clamp down on the mosque s activities ."
"mexico live an average of 14 years , according to the web site of the u . k . based donkey sanctuary charity , which founded the ethiopian clinic in 1999 ."
"entrants had to briefly describe their idea and answer six questions , including , if your idea were to become a reality , who would benefit the most and how ?"
"the south korean government , meanwhile , remained cautious over the accident to avoid stirring a diplomatic dispute with china ."
google said that it and youtube had yet to see the lawsuit but added they feel confident that youtube has respected the legal rights of copyright holders and believe the courts will agree .
"mahmood , 32 , denies knowing about the plot and failing to tell anyone ."
"a hurricane watch remains in effect for honduras west of limon , for the caribbean coast of guatemala , and for the entire coast of belize ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the national tax service has started raids on overseas investment funds .
police dispersed the crowd by firing into the air .
"under the new guideline , universities will be banned from using foreign languages in any essay questions ."
"the document does spell out some health policies in detail , such as how much radiation astronauts can be exposed to from space travel ."
"prime minister han myeong sook said thursday that she would discuss with president roh moo hyun the timing and scope of a cabinet reshuffle in the near future , though there has been no such discussion so far ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the union s 34 , 000 workers had been poised to strike if they did not receive a new contract giving them raises and changing work rules they called demeaning ."
", was assigned to japan in 1998 ."
"he said that while there was currently no national recruitment system , the government was due to meet early this week to discuss whether more regulations were needed ."
rumors of the couple s wedding plans have circulated since they applied for a marriage license last week .
friday is a spanish holiday .
"i knew when it happened that that s probably who it was , giovanni said , referring to her former pupil . i would have been shocked if it wasn t ."
"so there s a whole new audience that might have liked the show . this was made to , i would call it , satisfy everyone ."
"evict the dog , just for one night ."
protest against the impeachment of roh is spreading nationwide .
"but it has yet to document its past and present nuclear secrets , another condition of the deal ."
"the first vehicle exported will be a based on chery s a1 compact sedan and sold under the dodge brand , lasorda said . he and yin said the companies would jointly develop future models , probably with chrysler styling on a chery platform ."
a leading afghan human rights group is investigating reported use of highly flammable white phosphorus in a recent battle involving us and afghan troops and taliban forces .
nowak is to get her next assignment from the u . s . navy .
she had reached the semifinals twice and withdrew five times because of injuries and illness .
"they want people to be self sufficient , they also want people to look and leave ."
meanwhile uk prime minister gordon brown has said chinese premier wen jiabao says he is ready to talk to the dalai lama if the tibetan spiritual leader renounces violence and demands for tibetan independence .
"an asteroid the size of a football field passed extremely close to earth last week but it remained undetected until days later , according to astronomers ."
state department said the six party talks can lose effectiveness .
"obama on monday was scheduled to make his final stops in mckeesport and pittsburgh , where clinton has been strong ."
"last year , hamas won the palestinian elections , ending decades of rule by the fatah party . hamas took control of the parliament and the prime minister post , although fatah s abbas maintained the title of president ."
"tadic s coalition , the coalition for european serbia , held about 38 percent of the vote , for about 103 seats , according to preliminary results from the belgrade based center for free elections and democracy , or cesid ."
"tens of thousands of police moved in on the kilns in henan province , arresting 120 people , xinhua news agency said ."
"we relaxed , talked , socialized . and when you get off the train , you are right there at the slopes ."
"household debt in south korea reached an all time high of 582 trillion won at the end of 2006 , up 11 . 6 percent from a year earlier ."
israeli prime minister ariel sharon has pledged to go ahead with the expansion of a jewish settlement near jerusalem fiercely opposed by palestinians .
"a government source said yesterday that kim s special train he does not fly is still in north korea . a north korean television station said kim was visiting factories in sinuiju , a city on the border with communist china ."
"military trucks hauled more tanks and guns to the border area thursday , local reporters said ."
"one senior u . s . military official said it is rare to send military flights on such a mission , considering the sensitive nature of the united states role in the middle east ."
chirac s initial remarks would mark a big departure from france s official policy of deterrence and work in preventing iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
"but despite several consortiums being linked with taking control at st james park nothing concrete has emerged , leading to sunday s announcement ."
israeli prime minister ariel sharon s remarks sunday produced a storm of rebuke after he said french jews were under threat by the nation s much larger muslim community and should leave .
the korea times reports the pro government uri party withdrew its earlier pledge that its members would quit the assembly seats en masse in protest of the opposition parties impeachment of president roh moo hyun .
"airbus confirmed the crash in a written statement , saying the jet was owned by air new zealand and operated by xl airways germany ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the most prestigious and oldest university in the united kingdom currently has two degrees focused on korea
"this often happens but usually only for a few hours , maybe a day at most , gao miao , it manager at beijing based consultancy bda china , told reuters ."
"for several days , celeste wasn t even allowed to see them ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"in the deadliest clash , taliban ambushed a police convoy in shahjoi district of southeastern zabul province on wednesday ."
"pro democracy candidate anson chan , a hugely popular former government official , won a seat in hong kong s legislature monday , a win she hailed as a victory for democracy in the southern chinese territory ."
"the united states will pull 5 , 000 troops , including the 3 , 600 already redeployed to iraq , before the end of this year , the official said ."
presidents roh and kim shook hands and drank a toast after they signed the eight point declaration . the agreement stated
flying with the flu ?
abba makes it into space music .
"abbas thanked cheney for the administration s financial support and commitment to a two state solution , but the two men had notably different views on the obstacles impeding the peace deal ."
the manor houses an annual classical music festival .
"the head of the firm s seoul branch and an executive at lg group will also be indicted , prosecutors said ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the new york philharmonic orchestra has arrived in communist north korea , for what has been described as a remarkable display of cultural diplomacy ."
"the pontiff also called for special consideration for suffering children who are homeless , forced to serve as soldiers or exploited in pornography and every other appalling form of abuse ."
"eight bodies were brought to the nagaba kirti monastery , the tibetan center for human rights and democracy in dharamsala said . of the eight , two are the bodies of monks , the center said ."
"hezbollah militants are active in lebanon , and have pounded northern israel with katyusha rockets in the past , sparking a war with israel in the summer of 2006 ."
very unlikely and impossible were the other choices .
"with more education and more affluence , it s very natural for a population to drink more wine ."
the ap s matt apuzzo says they may be shopping for a friendlier venue for a trial .
"in washington , officials at the department of homeland security said there was no immediate concern that terrorism was behind the outage ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"teachers will be asked to more strictly monitor bullying and campus violence , according to the health and welfare ministry and the ministry of planning and budget ."
a mother working as a department store clerk gives up almost all of her monthly wage to send her son to hansamm .
"cnn the death toll rose to nine sunday in the aftermath of a series of blasts at an albanian army depot , officials said ."
jarre won an academy award for writing the haunting lara s theme for the film doctor zhivago .
"more than 100 performers , some who were there the first time around , took the stage sunday in a free concert to commemorate the year san francisco became the world s countercultural capital ."
"that record will likely be left in the dust soon as gas prices accelerate toward levels that could approach 4 a gallon , though most analysts believe prices will peak below that psychologically significant mark ."
"bush recently announced plans to send 21 , 500 more us troops to iraq ."
the second car crash patient survived that chopper crash .
"president jerry johnson of the national association of home builders , says his industry just can t get a break , even from the federal rescue package ."
sapa also reported that the right reverend rubin philip reiterated the call for government action on crime .
up to 60 capital gains taxes on multiple homeowners .
the virgin group chairman was joined by former u . s . vice president al gore and other leading environmentalists as he announced the challenge to find ways to significantly reduce greenhouse gases in the atmosphere .
prospective employers stuck waiting for lattes or red lights . some people have called her gimmick really clever
draft likely to be reduced
president elect barack obama and his family are in hawaii for the holidays .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2694252 tiny bits of protein extracted from a 68 million year old dinosaur bone have given scientists the first genetic proof that the mighty tyrannosaurus rex is a distant cousin to the modern chicken .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the country has a population of 49 million , and it is estimated that 43 million have cell phones ."
"on a memorial blog set up by the chicago association of realtors , for which good once served as president , friends and colleagues described him as a gregarious man with a big personality ."
"it is an unsettling performance , and one of the film s many highlights ."
"i think theory may have intervened finally , brady said , in a reference to how the nation was constructed ."
"its legacy is 37 , 000 u . s . troops still on south korean soil , and 26 months of military service for every south korean male ."
cruise embraces that in the video .
"he was not apologetic at all , says a u . s . official , but assertive , aggressive about it ."
leaders issued an action plan affirming their commitment to the six party talks that have been trying to persuade north korea to dismantle its nuclear program .
"the spanish left hander finally prevailed after two hours and 35 minutes , winning 7 6 7 3 7 5 6 1 , and will next play frenchman florent serra in the second round ."
"the united states has offered to send forensic specialists from the fbi , according to the state run associated press of pakistan ."
shares of bmw were up more than 1 . 9 percent to 38 . 16 euros 56 . 37 after the results were announced .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"north korea , denying any wrongdoing , has claimed the restrictions are evidence of washington s hostile attitude toward it and prove it needs nuclear weapons to protect itself ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"speaking to reporters at the close of an international security conference here , gates said the myanmar representative at the forum did not seem interested in speaking with him ."
a network is a group of computers joined to a host computer or server by modems or by cables .
wall st . sinks after record lows in asia
"maharashtra state government spokesman bhushan gagrani said 78 people were killed and about 200 wounded , while police confirmed 26 deaths ."
"my friends , this is about leadership and learning ."
"new industries have sprung up everywhere , some for domestic processing of agricultural commodities and some for import substitution ."
"another worry is whether too much relaxation might undermine south korea s power , accomplishments and work ethic ."
"there are two audiences here china and congress , one official said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"lee , 66 , broke from the pack of candidates by virtue of his rags to riches life story and his business background ."
relief was in sight with cooler temperatures forecast over the next several days .
the boss and the piano man are teaming up for the one some call the one .
"that led yale university scientists to wonder if physical warmth could promote psychological warmth , by subconsciously priming people to think better of others ."
"each country will increase the number of participants in the program to 7 , 200 per year by 2009 , and 10 , 000 by 2012 , the leaders agreed ."
"bench coach don mattingly is the leading contender to replace torre , who led the yanks to 12 straight playoff appearances and won four world series championships ."
investors are taking some comfort from the government deciding to provide 5 billion to the part of general motors that finances new cars .
"the attacks came on the sixth day of israeli air strikes against gaza , which is tucked between israel and egypt and has been used as a staging ground for sporadic rocket attacks by hamas into israel ."
his sooners broke the ncaa season scoring record .
"sharif s return comes amid a political crisis in pakistan , which has been placed under emergency rule weeks before elections ."
as roma took sole possession of first place in the italian league on sunday with a 2 0 win at reggina .
three wounded crew members from the cargo ship were being treated aboard the guided missile destroyer uss james e . williams .
"she has exchanged e mails with thiesen , she said monday , and they re arranging for him to mail it ."
i just want to say hello to everybody
this futuristic fusion of fashion and technology is becoming more common as clothes designers are increasingly incorporating electronics into their garments .
us attorney general alberto gonzales has faced tough questioning from a senate judiciary panel on the sacking of eight federal prosecutors .
the most obvious purpose of advertising is to inform the consumer of available products or services .
"frankly , i consider the question below my dignity to answer , but however i would like to answer it , musharraf told the reporter from britain s sky news ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3147303
"developers of a 1 , 680 foot 512 meters skyscraper still under construction in oil rich dubai has claimed that it has become the world s tallest building , surpassing taiwan s taipei 101 which has dominated the global skyline at 1 , 667 feet 508 meters since 2004 ."
but koreans reportedly rejected the u . s . demand to set up special regulations to oversee chaebol .
"a slump in sales and a surge in the value of the yen have wreaked havoc on its balance sheet , with the world s second biggest car maker revealing that its net revenues have dropped by 6 . 3 percent compared to a year ago ."
"in kotor , all roads lead either to the main square of weapons or to st . tryphon cathedral , which is adorned with cream colored korcula stone pillars ."
"bc card had decided to apply the higher fee of 2 percent at the new store compared to the 1 . 5 percent at the discounter s other locations . the korea herald reports wal mart korea , the local operation of the world s no ."
the studios say the demands are unreasonable and would hamper attempts to experiment with new media .
"it might sound like child s play , but consider that barbie s wardrobe makes mattel one of the world s largest clothing manufacturers ."
korea s higher education tops among oecd nations .
the u . s . total was 7 . 26 billion metric tons for that year .
"cnn 8212 rescuers have found at least 34 survivors and at least 11 dead from a ferry that capsized in a typhoon , the philippine information agency said monday ."
the company has also asked six other japanese power companies to sell it emergency electricity until the end of september .
"even as italy s national team was making its successful run for the world cup this summer , club soccer at home was ravaged by a match fixing scandal that led to sanctions against several top teams ."
"and in a surprise twist , wal mart would turn out to be a hero , not a villain ."
"a 2 . 2 ton freight elevator shuttles the smorgasbord of goods between floors , while workers on cherry pickers snag items from the top shelves ."
british police do not name suspects unless they face charges
one of the stated goals of the pope s visit is to energize the u . s . catholic community
"if that had not been the sequence of events , i might have demanded face to face meetings with her , condon said . but i honestly don t think it would have changed her mind ."
the four week deadline is meant to wrap up an iaea probe of past iranian nuclear programs .
"thirty people have become sick with the same salmonella saintpaul infection in arizona , utah , colorado , kansas , idaho , illinois and indiana ."
"the people standing did not react for several seconds , but security guards shielded karzai and whisked him away from the reviewing stand ."
"jamal abdullah , a spokesman for iraq s autonomous kurdish regional government said the targets of the attack appear to be pkk fighters in the border area , but there are reports of civilian casualties in nearby villages ."
"the official said logistical details for christopher hill , assistant secretary of state , were still being worked out ."
"a cable anchored to the earth s surface , reaching tens of thousands of kilometers into space , balanced with a counterweight attached at the other end is the basic design for the elevator ."
3 . not networking
"for many russians she was a feminine icon , bridging the glamorous world of modeling and the rough underbelly of russian crime ."
"when in rome , do as the romans do ."
"rudy has fallen like the dow jones industrial average , said bill adair , chief editor of the st . petersburg times . what s happened is he gambled on florida and put all his chips on florida , and it s beginning to look like he gambled wrong ."
it also marks the first time the award has been won three times by one sailor .
"there s no question the koreans in hawaii , and in many parts of the united states where they have settled , have done a great deal , moon said . when we speak about 100 years here , i think the koreans have gone very far ."
"what matters is that children are being raised in a stable , loving environment ."
"he says that the prophet mohammed wanted to be a martyr , and that is a worthy goal for every muslim ."
there is a long tradition of presidents issuing pardons and commutations during the holiday season .
"rain in the east , some snow in the mid west and northern rockies pose travel troubles for motorists today the day millions of us are heading back home to close out the thanksgiving holiday weekend"
"teen starlet hilary duff claims she s never had a problem with her weight , but feels pressure to be thin ."
"tempelhof , built in 1923 , has the capacity to accommodate 1 . 5 million passengers annually , but actual traffic in 2007 was 350 , 000 a tiny fraction of the 20 million who used berlin s three airports last year ."
deputy director ed rappaport has been temporarily placed in charge .
"according to kyodo , there was toilet cleaner and bath powder nearby , along with a sign outside that read , poisonous gas being emitted ."
"on the trip , the northerners were eager to learn how their communist regime and leader kim jong il were viewed by south koreans and the united states amid high tensions over pyongyang s recent moves to reactivate its nuclear programs ."
"after infancy , the tween and teen years are the period of most rapid change ."
"we ve promised consumers that we d tell them efficiently and openly if we found any additional affected toys , and that is what we are doing today , mattel said in a statement ."
"i categorically denounce any statement that disparages our great country or serves to divide us from our allies , obama wrote on the liberal web site huffingtonpost . com about recently surfaced sermons from wright his longtime pastor at the trinity united church of christ ."
the 25 year old kaka was a major factor in ac milan s triumphant champions league campaign .
the two leaders only agreed to let working level negotiators discuss the issue in june .
"i saw him coming down the escalator pulling her along , around the corner . he ran into the plant and that s when they started struggling , he said ."
"the announcement of wright s departure from the obama camp came after the illinois senator on friday denounced some of the ministers s sermons , calling them inflammatory and appalling ."
"jackson county prosecutor jim kanatzar said before the hearing that the children were killed with a handgun , but he did not provide additional details ."
"shirley smith , washington ."
"fortunately , it appears to be safe from the fires ."
"in south korea , a spokesman for the hostages families said on friday the mothers of several hostages five women and a translator will travel to the emirate of dubai next week to seek help from the arab world in securing their loved ones release ."
"they will be paid during the time off through a combination of state unemployment benefits and chrysler contributions , but they will not receive the full amount of their working pay , a chrysler spokesman said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the first sketch of a moustached white man with olive colored skin and collar length dark scraggly hair was composed based on the recollection of a 50 year old woman who was staying in a villa near the mccann family last year .
fifteen thousand bloggers were responding monthly this summer .
that s a scene from the 2006 movie find me guilty .
tomorrow geithner will announce a plan to rescue banks .
she said the changes will erode the gnp s public support .
did they really expect that israel would sit by as a government and do nothing while they send rocket after rocket into civilian areas in israel trying to kill our people ?
"in the posting , the bombers were identified as sheikh ibrahim abu othman and abdel rahman abu abdel nasser al asimi ."
"but the event comes at a time when debate is growing about what it means to be malaysian , analysts say ."
"as well , reform of the value added tax system will cut taxes by 120 billion yuan 17 . 5 billion for enterprises , the statement said ."
thousands of mourners took to the streets tuesday for the funerals of 12 soldiers killed in an ambush sunday .
"located in the so called triangle of death , a violent area south of baghdad , it was the site of frequent clashes between coalition forces and sunni fighters ."
talks between writers and producers will likely impact upcoming negotiations between the studios and unions representing actors and directors .
living in a cage in hong kong
about two thirds of the cargo that passed through the canal is headed to or from the united states .
"in a year when the high school musical soundtrack is the second best selling cd of the year and the hannah montana tour is the most in demand concert ticket , to lose the children s entertainment market as jamie is certainly in danger of doing is a huge problem , said joe levy , managing editor of rolling stone magazine ."
a u . s . embassy statement said feltman canceled a farewell ceremony that he was to host tuesday night out of respect to the victims of today s terrorist explosion .
"with 750 troops , australia will remain leader of a 900 strong international force that was invited by east timor s government two years ago to restore order ."
"the pakistani leader , whose nearly eight year rule is being challenged by opposition activists and islamic militants , cited engagements in the capital for his decision to skip the meeting ."
"lifting the drilling ban gives considerable momentum to the underlying bill which includes the pentagon budget , 24 billion in aid for flood and hurricane victims , and 25 billion in loans for detroit auto makers ."
the resolution urges the administration not to lift the designation until it can be demonstrated that north korea is no longer engaged in proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and no longer counterfeiting american currency .
they re pushing the town to pass an anti nudity ordinance .
"this is a direct threat to the republic and its foundations , said deniz baykal , leader of turkey s main secular party , chp ."
"it said it extended the window for the giveaway from 24 to 42 hours , added a toll free line to handle consumer requests for the coupons and set up an interactive voice recorder to accept coupon requests ."
il divo also takes a chance on the abba hit the winner takes it all .
"ibm hasn t done that , hopes never to have to ."
"the home office would not comment on individual cases , but said the government had the power to refuse entrance to anyone whose presence would not be conducive to the public good ."
"the envoy left for tokyo earlier tuesday , the first stop on an asia swing taking him also to seoul and beijing ."
"the things that worry us most are anything which stops a dog from breathing , walking or moving freely , kisko said ."
the economy and men who have become symbols of the campaign were the highlights of the final presidential debate
"the korea times reports economic research institutes and investment banks are lowering their economic growth outlook for korea , amid concerns of a recession in the united states and international raw material price hikes ."
"brussels , belgium belgian prime minister guy verhofstadt conceded defeat sunday on behalf of his coalition of liberals and socialists in general elections that saw the christian democrats translating eight years in opposition into major gains ."
"the joong ang ilbo says at 5 . 2 , it was the strongest since a 1978 earthquake of the same magnitude was felt near mount songni , in north chungcheong province ."
unama spokesman aleem siddique said patterson and semple were in helmand to talk to the people there and find out their needs and concerns a process which he said includes talking to people who may not support the government .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"however , bush is expected to condition his plans and also further troop cuts on continued progress in iraq ."
north korean officials have never admitted that kim has been ill .
two former comrades in east timor s struggle for independence led the battle for control of the country s parliament as ballot counting began sunday in elections many hoped would restore stability after a year of violence in asia s newest country .
"i have no illusions about the farc , but it looks like they are a peasant army fighting for a decent living , stone said in an interview with the associated press at his hotel bar ."
"as polls closed on tuesday , it was too early to tell exactly how big the margin of victory was ."
"smith had publicly identified howard k . stern , her lawyer and live in companion , as the baby s father and listed him as the father on the child s birth certificate ."
"according to the arresting affidavits , nowak drove from houston to orlando after discovering shipman s flight plans on oefelein s computer ."
kasparov said his arrest was intended to ensure that president vladimir putin s party holds on to power .
he said no nato or afghan forces were on the ground in musa qala .
"twins , triplets , quadruplets , we ve got plenty of stories about them but octuplets ?"
it provides a view spanning a distance of 50 light years across of the carina nebula .
on wall street in the first half hour the dow was down 144 .
"asked whether the world bank board would approve of zoellick , the official said , we have every confidence in that ."
"farmers and other producers have even begun to set up roadside stalls , and bartering in public is common , she said ."
thanks to the guatemalan people for making this civic holiday such a marvelous day .
"labelling the commercial sexual exploitation of children a form of terrorism , the united nations child welfare agency unicef has called for a global effort to stamp out the trade ."
"gadahn displays his passport to the camera , rips it in half and says , don t get too excited i don t need it to travel anyway ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
peer was barred from playing in doha for two years when she underwent military training .
"after the attack , south korean forces tightened security measures around the base ."
"undoubtedly the most spectacular aspect of our long term study is that it has delivered what is now considered to be the best empirical evidence that super massive black holes do really exist , said genzel ."
it is not sold to the general public .
"the korea times reports chung , a television news anchor turned politician , faces an uphill battle against lee myung bak of the grand national party , who commands a strong lead with support of about 50 percent in opinion polls ."
"a score of mainly kurdish independents also got in , the first kurds in the assembly since the early 1990s prompting wild celebrating in their troubled eastern heartland ."
"from one corner of the world to another , a financial bloodletting is underway at the new york stock exchange ."
"today s power brokers no longer work in the steel and glass towers of the traditional record business instead , they re tech geeks , bedroom bloggers and silicon valley visionaries ."
"they displayed ginseng , porcelain , traditional paintings , and even adder liquor a bottle of fiery whiskey with a coiled , discolored snake in it ."
the korea times reports all eyes are focused on the possibility of an informal six party gathering in kuala lumpur this week as u . s .
"the fire , which threatened private property as well as an endangered bird , started friday , the the southern area interagency management blue team said ."
julien said osbourne almost did not want to part with his prized pool table because he cherished the memories of playing with his kids as they were growing up .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
then shot the president in the chest and stomach .
"paris , france cnn a paris court on tuesday convicted brigitte bardot of provoking discrimination and racial hatred for writing that muslims are destroying france ."
"dignity and pride don t have a price , read a statement released by giampaolo s lawyer , according to the ansa news agency ."
"i was told by the agent in charge of the case that the arrest warrant specified charges of three counts of sexual contact with a minor , and three counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor , said the post , written by an unnamed follower . the bail was set at half a million dollars ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"cooper told a hotel conference room filled to capacity with about 1 , 400 employees that enron s debt on its balance sheet is greater than he thought ."
"still , stone said , whoever wins this , obama or mccain , it s going to be living in the shadow of dubya ."
"the web site also carries a video of a man suspected to be bulger , who goes by the nickname whitey , walking around with a younger woman ."
"during a photo session for reporters after talks with abbas , bush said the united states can t impose mideast peace but can help facilitate it ."
"townsfolk in england have delivered their explosive verdict on sarah palin , stuffing a giant effigy of the u . s . republican vice presidential nominee with fireworks and blowing her up to raucous cheers ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2787379
the formal signing of the contract is due in early december in libya .
powell said that u . s . would not negotiate with north korea .
he and bloomberg spoke to reporters as the city s emergency command center went into operation in anticipation of a strike .
simpson has maintained his innocence and called the incident a misunderstanding .
"the operation to free hostages held at a school in beslan in 2004 was full of failures and shortcomings , a russian investigator has said ."
"oral surgeon dr . gary bouloux is about to pull a diseased wisdom tooth from his patient s mouth , using forceps that look like a pair of silver pliers ."
"the achievement could help scientists study why some species go extinct but others do not , and may even be useful in protecting other animals from extinction ."
"the infant , evelyn frayre , was in good condition at a hospital , fowler said ."
"zidane had put france ahead early with a coolly taken chipped penalty , before materazzi levelled with a header from an andrea pirlo corner ."
personal trainer and fitness expert robert dothard said making exercise available and enjoyable in your home means reaching an audience of people who often feel embarrassed walking in to a traditional gym .
his extradition to france would land him in a cell to begin serving a 10 year sentence .
a sixth loss at the oscars would put scorsese in the record books as the filmmaker with the most nominations without winning .
they include knowing the country s first prime minister or when european settlers arrived in australia or what the opening line of the national anthem is .
"and the only programs available so far include just a few minutes of video from japan s northern island of hokkaido shots from the zoo , motorcycle races and other short scenes ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the wimbledon champion took command in the last two sets with powerful serving , smashes and aggressive groundstrokes against her russian opponent ."
the great depression is in full swing .
"the five countries that abstained russia , china , qatar , indonesia and south africa argued that the council was exceeding its authority and interfering in lebanese affairs ."
"whitmore said the decision to send hilton home was made by a panel of officials in the sheriff s department , although the judge who sentenced her was advised of the move ."
"it was a vatican policeman who grabbed a german man who was trying to jump on benedict s open pope mobile during a weekly audience in june , in an episode that rekindled debate of the pontiff s security during his public appearances ."
and that people would be able to check in remotely using a cell phone embedded with a rfid radio frequency identification chip .
disney s merger with cap cities unites entertainment production and distribution operations that complement each other like oil and vinegar .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
local television carried pictures of police dispersing and rounding up demonstrators .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
all defendants proclaimed their innocence in the opening days of the trial .
"we are very optimistic about this , he said , noting that the tumor is small in size and has a relatively minimal presence ."
"elbaradei on sunday ended a two day visit to tehran that included unprecedented meetings with both ayatollah ali khamenei , iran s supreme leader , and president mahmoud ahmadinejad ."
the international olympic committee said earlier this month that it will retest samples from the beijing games for cera .
"but when it comes to the latest british secret service spy tale , the two koreas have formed a bond of a different sort ."
veterinarian bob george sliced open the dead shark and saw the outline of a fish .
"all of a sudden , the animal was on top of us like it was rabid , hernandez said ."
"that s what it s going to come down to , my friends ."
"the ministry of civil affairs said at least 223 , 000 homes have been crushed and another 862 , 000 damaged , according to xinhua ."
nadal said he made too many errors on his forehands on crucial points .
authorities believe she was killed for being seen with a sunni muslim man .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"beijing , china cnn restaurants could be among the last havens for smokers in beijing as the city tries to ban public smoking ahead of this summer s olympics , a state run newspaper reported monday ."
"last year , rising food prices touched off riots around the world , killing dozens of people ."
"wawrinka , who won his only atp title last year , was out for three months earlier in 2007 with a knee injury but pushed nadal harder than any of his opponents at the weissenhof this week , breaking the top seed three times ."
president bush can waive sanctions if he deems it in the united states interest .
"coalition forces captured militants who are believed to be members of the secret cell terrorist network known for facilitating the transport of weapons and explosively formed penetrators , or efps , from iran to iraq , as well as bringing militants from iraq to iran for terrorist training , the military said ."
"easter island , chile cnn it s earth s most remote inhabited land , a south pacific speck of volcanic rock so isolated the locals call it te pito o te henua , or the navel of the world ."
"i . e . , there are no preservatives to help it last longer or other chemicals to make it taste or look better ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"asked by germany s der spiegel weekly whether he thinks the u . s . could still avoid a recession , he said that as far as the average person is concerned , it is already here ."
"she urged the security council , charged with investigating the use of child soldiers , to expand its focus"
"if we can t establish presence and a brand name , we ll die ."
draft likely to be reduced
putin is barred from seeking a third straight term as president when he steps down in march .
utah wildfire kills 3
north korea renewed its demand for the long running dispute over the western sea border to be addressed .
the associated press has learned a peanut plant in texas has been operating without a license for nearly four years
"the unification ministry echoed those expressions of regret , questioning pyongyang s sincerity ."
outside contractors in charge of operating the white house electronic mail system testified before a house committee that they were instructed by high ranking white house staff not to discuss an ongoing e mail server problem .
"people have started returning to their homes in india s northeastern state of assam , where nearly 200 , 000 people have been living in government and makeshift camps since last week . there have been no rains there since thursday , helping improve the flooding situation ."
"after last year s massive toy recall , stacy duran isn t taking any chances when shopping for toys this holiday season ."
nine more women were attacked tuesday .
in 1995 simpson was cleared of murdering his former wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ron goldman .
the official said investigators will look into why real bullets were used .
"energy analyst victor shum says he does not expect those prices to drop considerably lower , though ."
and senate majority leader harry reid s office said congressional democrats are moving forward with a measure similar to what has been done before .
but polar scientists already see changes in plants and animals from rapidly warming temperatures .
"jackson says mac , who died in early august at the age of 50 , brought a special kind of humor to his performance ."
the program s directors pitch it as an innovative and safe way to help visitors better understand animals they d otherwise never see .
"but a suicide blast shattered her homecoming parade in karachi , killing more than 140 people and raising fears for pakistan s stability ahead of crucial parliamentary elections ."
and we love them because they re all customers ! countered jobs .
"zoltan lensky , 25 , a slovakian citizen , was on delta flight 40 from atlanta , georgia , to vienna wednesday night when flight attendants refused his request for more liquor ."
"referring to the fact that moratinos did not meet with dissidents in cuba , rice said she was concerned that they get the right message , which is that the free world stands with them and is not prepared to tolerate an anti democratic transition in cuba ."
"with more crowds rolling in , and more parties popping up , the cardinals and steelers will try to avoid the distractions and focus on sunday s game ."
democratic fundraiser hsu was indicted by a federal grand jury for swindling investors in a 60 million fraud scheme and making illegal donations to u . s . political campaigns .
"jacksonville , north carolina cnn police have found a cavity in the back yard of the suspected killer of a pregnant marine and are no longer looking anywhere else for her , onslow county sheriff ed brown said friday evening ."
"german zookeepers in nuremberg will bottle feed a four week old polar bear and rear it away from its mother after concerns the mother would eat her cub , officials said thursday ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"that tries to trick computer users into clicking on a virus infected web link and began spreading to europe and parts of north america , computer experts said ."
only a small fraction of the killings have been solved .
"although zero has been around since the time of the babylonians , it didn t infiltrate western thinking until the 12th century when italian mathematician , leonardo fibonacci included it in his book liber abaci ."
"manufacturing companies in everything from autos to steel have had multiple shifts for years , in part because it s cheaper to keep plants operating continuously than to shut them down and start them up again ."
"paved roads give way to dirt , rolling through a countryside where the tour buses are the only vehicles as far as the eye can see ."
"with a lot of insects , a lot of females eat the male ."
"the disease has killed 67 people this year in brazil s rio de janeiro state , the state s ministry of health reported ."
1 . childcare workers
"a pathologist for ocean county , new jersey concluded in april 2006 that the death of retired nypd detective , james zadroga , 34 , was directly linked to 9 11 recovery operations ."
mike huckabee dropped out of the republican race after the results came in .
"she called rocket attacks by palestinians into israel a crime , and said they do nothing to solve the conflict ."
"i am very thankful to british prime minister gordon brown that when i made this request he accepted that , musharraf said in a nationally televised address ."
insurgents in southern iraq have been using deadlier bombs to attack british armored vehicles in recent weeks .
what we need to do is examine
"economist stuart hoffman , of pnc financial services , says the weekly numbers have not been as volatile lately"
judge rodney melville announced his decision on monday after hearing submissions in the jury s absence .
"lee dong jin , who also goes by phillip lee , was detained by police ."
"while interpol declined to release the suspect s name , police in thailand said a 32 year old canadian named christopher paul neil is the person sought ."
"in this case , i believe the court , unless it changes its former opinion , must rule that proposition 8 offends uh , the liberty provisions of the constitution of california ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2676631
he inherits an island nation with several problems .
draft likely to be reduced
colossal squid are found in antarctic waters and are not related to giant squid found round the coast of new zealand .
"i sincerely hope that even at this time when the iranian government is undergoing security council sanctions , that it could engage in dialogue with the international community , he said ."
"weird and wild as it is , dylan liked the concept and gave co writer director todd haynes the rarest of gifts"
varivax
"we re not hugely political , caliendo says of his show , frank tv , which recently returned for its second season on tbs 11 p . m . et pt ."
"the dead infants found at a frenchman s house in southern seoul are suspected to be sons of the resident , according to a dna test ."
admitting that time is pressing the bilateral fta talks will begin on june 5 she said the imminent schedule could be a daunting task .
"pancreatic cancer is one of the most dangerous forms of the disease , although doctors said the surgery offered improved hopes for survival ."
"early on in the investigation it was revealed that the juvenile and one of the suspects were dating and made to break up , traylor wrote in a release ."
"but local resident phil robinson , who recently moved to new zealand from the united kingdom , told television new zealand that the quake had caused serious damage to the city ."
"foreign militants who belonged to groups such as al qaeda and the taliban , who are not prepared to reconcile and give up violence , created other problems , musharraf said ."
tevez ghosted in at the far post to grab a 1 1 draw after karim benzema had opened the scoring for the french champions with a superb individual effort .
"iraq which has about a 60 percent shiite population is also made up of sunni arabs , kurds , turkmens , christians and others ."
the associated press has learned a peanut plant in texas has been operating without a license for nearly four years
"paris , france cnn a french woman severely disfigured by facial tumors has been found dead just two days after a court rejected her request for an assisted suicide ."
"according to the united nation conference on trade and development unctad last week , south korea placed 48th out of 207 countries in terms of fdi this year , down from 29th in 2002 ."
prosecutor s office and police would focus on human rights .
"riots from haiti to bangladesh to egypt over the soaring costs of basic foods have brought the issue to a boiling point and catapulted it to the forefront of the world s attention , the head of an agency focused on global development said monday ."
"however , their scores are 87 points higher than university students and 56 . 1 points higher than the 618 . 9 scored among graduate students over the same period ."
"the introduction of a bill which would heavily restrict pornography in indonesia has been attacked by women s rights campaigners in the country , who fear it is the first step towards the implementation of islamic sharia law ."
"le clezio s first novel , le proces verbal minutes of a meeting was published in 1963 and won le clezio the prestigious theophraste renaudot prize when he was just 23 ."
"north korea , meanwhile , lauded the heroic deaths of four people killed after running into collapsing or burning buildings after the explosion to retrieve portraits of leader kim jong il and his late father , national founder kim il sung ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
one of the country s most violent slums and the epicenter of several of the war s pitched battles .
"this sale said a lot about the jewelry market internationally , especially the diamond market ."
"a year later , fitzgerald brought eight criminal fraud charges against black , and a warrant was issued for his"
a top democrat and committee member joined specter on sunday in warning gonzales to answer questions fully .
de jesus speaks with a kind of conviction that makes me consider him more like david koresh or jim jones .
"in monday s statement , the north promised to drop all nuclear weapons and current nuclear programs and to get back to the non proliferation treaty as soon as possible ."
"the taj mahal hotel in mumbai , india , had been warned about the possibility of a terrorist attack before a 60 hour rampage began wednesday , leaving at least 183 people dead , the chairman of the company that owns the hotel said saturday ."
"but because they fear neighbors will complain to the police , the breeders have the animals vocal cords cut ."
"congress has held a series of hearings into whether the firing of the prosecutors was politically motivated , as opponents of president bush say ."
"at least 20 people , including 17 civilians , suffocated on board a new russian nuclear submarine when the vessel s fire suppression system went off by accident during sea trials ."
the fbi said the letters have not posed a health threat .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the second stage of the tour takes the riders from the french port of dunkirk to ghent in belgium and again is expected to favor the sprinters .
"the fees that would have been paid will be deducted from his bbc contract , mark thompson , director general of the bbc , said in a statement ."
"sudan cut diplomatic ties sunday , accusing its western neighbor of helping train rebels who attacked a suburb of khartoum , sudan s capital , over the weekend ."
"if traffic seems a little lighter this morning , it could be because fewer people are working ."
"in spite of the health dangers , about 13 . 5 million people smoke out of a population of 60 million with around 26 percent of 15 year olds estimated to smoke , according to 2002 figures from the world health organization ."
"a fifth soldier was wounded in the attack , which took place about 10 p . m . 3 p . m . et ."
"seven times tour de france winner lance armstrong has been cleared to race in the 2009 tour down under in australia , the international cycling union uci have announced ."
"alejandro wolfe , the acting u . s . ambassador to the united nations , said thursday that some amendments were agreed to , but he offered no details about those ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the identity theft issue caught korea , the most wired country on the planet , off guard in february , when complaints piled up that hackers were stealing private data from millions of korean people ."
"but , as it turned out , we weren t the only ones lurking in the desert that day ."
it was belatedly learned that abe also made a visit to the controversial shrine as recently as april .
"after the shooting , police believe pardo set fire to the home ."
it is set to open in seoul at the same time .
"the national association of realtors said the pace of existing home sales fell to a 5 . 75 million annual rate in july , against expectations for a rate of 5 . 70 million ."
"oral arguments in the case in march lasted more than three hours , a sign of the political and legal issues at stake ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"at the time , prosecutors said chen could be indicted on the same charges when his immunity lapses after he leaves office ."
"top seed andy roddick blasted 18 aces to defeat tomas zib 6 4 6 2 and storm into the third round of the 600 , 000 washington classic on tuesday ."
"a two pound bottle of mayonnaise his risen about 10 percent in two months to as much as 330 yen nearly 3 , said daishi inoue , a cook at a chinese restaurant ."
"russia and the united states agreed tuesday to moderate their rhetoric in a bid to improve strained ties , secretary of state condoleezza rice said after she met with russian president vladimir putin ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"they sell their lettuces , peppers , tomatoes and other produce to an on campus grocery store and at a farmers market ."
inside the studios of rctv the sole opposition aligned tv station with nationwide reach disheartened actors and comedians wept and embraced in the final minutes on the air .
"boenisch said she would also wear a wrist band in protest over china s crackdown in tibet , but ruled out skipping the games themselves ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"cup of premium roast at competitors like mcdonald s and dunkin donuts is 1 . 07 and 1 . 39 , respectively , the companies said wednesday ."
south korean authorities advised parents to keep younger children at home to avoid the dust .
apple and the recording companies declined official comment on their negotiations .
the reaction came after the pro opposition korea times and sister company hankook ilbo conducted a survey of 700 adults across the country .
critics saw the announcement as fresh evidence of mismanagement .
"macau , china more than 20 million in disputed north korean funds was transferred from a blacklisted macau bank thursday , an official said , signaling a breakthrough in a dispute that has held up the north s pledge to shut down its nuclear reactor ."
"a barrage of mortar attacks in southern baghdad has killed at least 16 iraqis , while seven others died across iraq ."
what are advantages of an automaker going into bankruptcy ?
"but on saturday darwin walked in to a police station in central london and told officers i think i am a missing person , a spokeswoman for cleveland police , the local force investigating the case , told cnn ."
"the 35 . 56 carat wittelsbach blue diamond , dating to the 17th century , was purchased by international jeweler laurence graff , the auction house said in a release . graff was bidding against aleks paul of essex global trading , a professional of russian origin based in new york , christie s said ."
"so far , nearly 150 british service personnel have died in iraq ."
"the shuttle crew , which includes teacher astronaut barbara morgan , had been at the orbiting outpost since august 10 ."
the government s original plan was to put a total of eight intelligence gathering satellites into orbit through 2006 .
people shouting in arabic could be heard in the background .
"they survived the hurricane s deluge by grasping floating objects until help arrived , and bodies that could not be recovered were seen floating in the water , she said ."
"we can t believe everything ancient writings tell us , levy said in a university statement . but this research represents a confluence between the archaeological and scientific data and the bible ."
"korean male teenagers who smoke begin a couple of months before their 15th birthday , half a year earlier than they did three years ago ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
transformers
the national front lost its two thirds majority in parliament its worst result since independence in 1957 .
"created in the wake of the september 11 attacks , the program was approved by congress as part of the homeland security act on november 25 , 2002 ."
the 24 year old returned a combined time of one minute 58 . 96 seconds in zagreb after first leg leader vonn crashed just five gates before the finish in the second while ahead on intermediate times .
"wikis , online pages that any user can edit , surged in popularity among consumers thanks partly to the online encyclopedia wikipedia ."
"the wedding , which flew in dozens of guests to india from britain for a series of parties , produced an estimated 200 tonnes of carbon emissions more than the average couple produces in a decade , according to researchers ."
how would their wives react if these men announced they were having a midlife crisis ?
"in the wake of an emergency order that musharraf issued last november , at least 60 judges were arrested some jailed and others placed under house arrest ."
seafood options top the list
"the device was found in the week that a new prime minister , gordon brown , took office in britain ."
"earlier , a u . n . spokeswoman said syria had not requested a meeting of the security council ."
4 . breathe hard more often
"we simply ran out of time to find a qualified buyer or secure continued financing for our passenger business , said aloha president david banmiller in a statement ."
"doura is frequently targeted by insurgents . earlier this week , 11 people were killed in the same district by a car bomb ."
"contacted by cnn , the bank would neither confirm nor deny that name as the identity of the trader ."
"cho was in the u . s . as a resident alien with a home in centreville , va . , who lived on campus , the university said ."
spain allows abortion in the first 12 weeks in cases of rape and within the first 22 weeks if there is a risk of fetal deformation .
"professor nigel lightfoot , the hpa s chief adviser , said local residents were not at risk ."
kampusch was only 10 years old when she was kidnapped on her way to school in march 1998 .
"there is nothing civil about a man marrying another man , one protester yelled ."
"alaska towns north of anchorage are getting a shower of fine , grey dust this morning , although the city itself is being spared ."
the village is on a thin isthmus linking mainland sri lanka to the jaffna peninsula .
we have two days to go .
"several groups had something to gain from bhutto s death , said vince cannistraro , a 27 year cia official who ran the agency s counterterrorism operations from 1989 to 1991 ."
some eu officials had voiced private exasperation at what they saw as the new french leader seeking credit for the release of the medics at the last minute after brussels has spent three years patiently negotiating with tripoli .
living in a cage in hong kong
"as president , he ll be handed the keys to one ."
iran has denied those assertions .
yet dhirgham al zaidi said he was shocked when he saw his brother hurling his shoes at president bush at a sunday news conference after a surprise visit by bush to baghdad .
"some of the demonstrators clapped and and chanted slogans , while others raised their bhutto posters into the air ."
did you just hear that huge blast ?
"they don t want to stick out their necks , by spending heavily on player production , until they re assured that the most popular movies are available on discs ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
1 . not keeping track of your accomplishments
"despite the journal s prestige and tremendous clout in the business world , dow jones remains a relatively small company compared with large media operators such as murdoch s news corp . reuters group and bloomberg have made huge inroads in the business of providing real time financial news and information to investors ."
one survivor was saved by the coast guard .
iraq has been trying to persuade arab states to send ambassadors to baghdad and many of those embassies are in the mansour neighborhood .
"the mountainous region , long known as a tourist resort , is about 80 miles 129 km northwest of the capital , islamabad ."
police did not immediately know the motive for the shootings or the relationship of the victims .
"halle , germany cnn world no . 1 roger federer extended his unbeaten run on grass to 59 matches after beating germany s philipp kohlschreiber 6 3 6 4 in the final of the gerry weber open in halle ."
"still , growth next year is expected to be anemic ."
she speaks fluent korean as well as chinese and serbo croatian .
"share communications information with rivals within 120 days , taking an appeal to an eu court that it lost last september ."
asian nations pledged to work together to address an ongoing history dispute as japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi s repeated visits to a national shrine that honors japan s war casualties and a number of war criminals has ratcheted up tension in the region .
finance economy minister suggests to invite n k to the apec finance minister s meeting .
zapeta admits he never paid taxes .
be competing in his first grand slam quarterfinal after beating an irate jonas bjorkman 6 4 6 0 6 7 6 0 .
"korea s potential growth rate continued to fall from 8 . 6 percent between 1982 and 1990 to 6 . 3 percent between 1991 and 2000 , and 4 . 4 percent between 2001 and 2005 ."
one of the buildings destroyed in americus was the local headquarters of the american red cross .
venus williams won the wta s sony ericsson championships by defeating vera zvonareva 6 7 5 7 6 0 6 2 on sunday in the final of the season ending women s event .
"we re going to abide by whatever rules the democratic national committee puts forward , as we ve done from the start , obama said . but i think that there should be some way for us to make sure that they re seated , figure out how their votes should count ."
"the baltimore museum of art celebrated the art of tattooing recently with a panel discussion among prominent tattoo artists , a runway show displaying the strongest output from local shops and high minded discussions of the importance of body art among african tribes and japanese laborers ."
mumbai is in the state of maharashtra .
he urged the man to come forward so that police can rule him out as a suspect if they determine that he is not involved in madeleine s disappearance .
"said lee won chang , an opposition lawmaker ."
"the rally in the southern port city of kaohsiung was part of an 18 month government orchestrated campaign to emphasize taiwan s separateness from the mainland , from which it split amid civil war in 1949 ."
herman rosenblat really was in a nazi concentration camp during world war ii
the private committal service and interment at st george s chapel marked the close of a day of public mourning .
"the international cycling union uci has approved lance armstrong s participation in the forthcoming tour down under in australia , to be held on 20 25 january , the first event of the 2009 uci protour , said a uci statement ."
last september s truce had ended two years of clashes and was aimed at stopping cross border attacks into afghanistan .
flying with the flu ?
"to our knowledge , north korea has not given such information to beijing , said lee kyu hyung , south korea s second vice foreign minister ."
"several are considered top contenders , including former treasury chiefs lawrence summers , robert rubin , and investor warren buffett ."
"in addition , more than 640 coalition troops most of them americans have been killed ."
"guangzhou , china cnn last week , a rare winter storm paralyzed china s transportation system as millions tried to get home to celebrate the holiday the only chance for many migrant workers to see their families all year ."
"thomas levy of the university of california san diego , who led the research , said carbon dating placed copper production at khirbat en nahas arabic for ruins of copper in the 10th century in line with the biblical narrative of solomon s rule ."
"u . s . authorities arrested six people wednesday on suspicion of smuggling african elephant ivory worth hundreds of thousands of dollars , law enforcement officials said ."
fifteen people have been killed and more than 40 wounded by a suicide bomb at a lawyers rally in pakistan .
this is alice in wonderland !
"last october , interpol disseminated pictures of another man whose face appeared in more than 200 images of sex acts with children ."
the united states and its adversaries in iran and syria may for the first time since the iraq war began meet face to face at a conference next month to discuss the situation in iraq .
"in a study published recently in the scientific journal evolutionary psychology , 59 percent of men and 66 percent of women said they ve been in the position of being attracted to someone until they kissed the person ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"gambari is expected to arrive in myanmar the first week of november after the leadership of myanmar , also called burma , agreed to move up the date of his arrival , according to a u . n . press release ."
"gm says the 2009 gmc sierra hybrid gets a 25 percent improvement in fuel economy without compromising performance , while its gmc denali xt concept a low slung , muscular utility vehicle gets 50 percent better fuel economy than a comparable small pickup ."
"but north korea had not withdrawn the funds , apparently seeking to prove the money was now clean by receiving it through an electronic bank transfer . other banks have apparently been reluctant to touch the disputed money ."
"i ve been addicted to it and keep waiting to see what s next , meilinger said ."
"speaking from neighboring thailand , the spokesman for the resistance organization the national council of the union of burma myanmar , soe aung , told cnn that at least one monk died after clashes with security forces in yangon ."
our thoughts and prayers go out to them as they remember and celebrate the life of someone who had such a profound impact in their lives .
"arsenal striker eduardo da silva has been released from hospital following the broken leg he suffered in a tackle against birmingham city last weekend , the premier league club have revealed ."
"police arrested another woman , a 42 year old identified as ahn , who has been running a similar internet site with her husband since july and had earned more than 130 million won ."
"one of the most powerful earthquakes in a century hit asia on sunday , unleashing tsunami waves on coastal areas of sri lanka , india , indonesia and thailand , and killing an estimated 11 , 300 people ."
george jones is among the kennedy center honorees who took a bow last night .
"both the united states and spain would like democracy in cuba , which moratinos visited in april ."
their epicenters were all at least six miles under the earth s surface .
"sunday s firefight took place near nusoor square , an area that straddles the predominantly sunni arab neighborhoods of mansour and yarmouk ."
the movie is rated pg 13 for irreverent humor throughout .
"sydney , australia cnn officials conceded tuesday that australia s welfare system failed a girl who was removed from a remote aboriginal community after being sexually abused at age 7 , then gang raped at age 10 when she was returned to live in the town ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the wreckage was found in the immediate area of the search focus , cypher said ."
"beckham , who hopes to achieve his 100th cap in fabio capello s first match as england coach against switzerland at wembley next month , played a high profile role promoting london s ultimately successful bid for the 2012 olympics ."
"i m even relaxed watching the kids at the pool , laughs kalen walker , cruising with her 7 and 5 year olds . this really works ."
the remaining six parties on the ballot failed to meet the 7 percent threshold for representation in the duma .
"hsbc holdings submitted an application to financial regulators for approval of its bid to take over a majority stake in korea exchange bank keb , the country s sixth largest lender , regulators said thursday ."
"apart from doing research , the kdi runs a small graduate school on economic policies and finance ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"because the festival does not own its own cinema , it screens films in diverse venues like parks , theaters , clubs and bars ."
"use of the substance was discovered during this year s tour de france , and the world anti doping agency wada then developed a blood test to test for it , the ioc said ."
passengers in subway stations beware .
seven of the eight people arrested are doctors or medical students and the other is a laboratory technician .
"we shouldn t forget for an instant that we re in a battle against north american imperialism , chavez said . on this continent , they have us as enemy no . 1 ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
schwarzenegger s announcement comes on the heels of another special session he called in august to deal with the budget shortfall .
"the study found two new australian made cars had very high levels of volatile organic compounds , up to 64 , 000 micrograms per cubic meter , three to 10 weeks after manufacture ."
recent poll ratings saw public support for abe drop to under 30 .
it was driven by high numbers of black women and hispanics .
worst hit were transport and power stocks .
the show was the latest in a series of attempts to find an audience with a younger demographic after more than a decade of declining ratings .
we journalists are fixated on anything that flies
"either way , he said , it would not affect the gastroenterologists holiday dinner plans we don t get fazed by much ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
this should allow the device to respond immediately if the patient needs more or less blood .
choose among them to suit your palate and your needs .
militants accused authorities of violating the september 2006 deal by redeploying troops to checkpoints vacated under terms of the accord .
"cho myong chul , who defected to seoul in 1994 , recalls that hurling rocks at the effigy of a u . s . soldier was a schoolyard sport ."
the atlantis played host to the opening celebration thursday night .
"and hwang young gi , former chairman of the board of woori finance holdings , took bribes from the conglomerate ."
de menezes s relatives said they wanted to see a full and thorough inquest into the electrician s death .
analysts say the visible presence of u . s . troops particularly a large ground force could provoke anti american sentiment among many pakistanis .
"u . s . state department spokesman sean mccormack confirmed that rice called musharraf early thursday , characterizing it as a good discussion , without providing details ."
"not joking here , more than a dozen people outraged by the arrest of illinois governor rod blagojevich who put up the state s vacant senate seat for bids"
"china , already the world s largest producer and consumer of coal , is expected to surpass the united states as the world s largest greenhouse gas emitter in the next decade ."
"correspondents say that by threatening to use the veto for the first time in his presidency , bush has made it clear he will make a stand . the us house of representatives has voted to approve government funding for embryonic stem cell research ."
"song young moo is favored to become chairman of the joint chiefs of staff jcs , replacing gen ."
theodore roosevelt s sons escorted their pet pony onto the white house elevator to cheer up a sick sibling .
"cnn cannot independently verify the video , which was intercepted by terrorism expert laura mansfield ."
draft likely to be reduced
the afghan government has ruled out a prisoner swap and has urged the taliban to release the women being held .
draft likely to be reduced
"the creator of the classic comedy is writing jerry seinfeld , julia louis dreyfuss , jason alexander and michael richards into several episodes of curb your enthusiasm in his current show s upcoming season on hbo ."
"a check of his computer shows 26 , 310 readers have registered to be citizen reporters ."
the obama campaign is attacking me to hurt you . i won t let that happen .
"to take effect , the reforms must be approved by voters in a december 2 referendum ."
"we regret the death of innocent afghan citizens as a result of the taliban extremists cowardly act , said lt . col . david accetta ."
video footage of ingrid betancourt who also holds colombian citizenship emerged last week showing her looking emaciated and worn out .
draft likely to be reduced
"after a weekend of playing defense about his bitter comments , sen . barack obama went on offense monday against his democratic rival and the presumptive republican nominee ."
iraqi forces will protect the convoys once they cross into anbar province and will accompany the buses to the capital .
"we realize that our domestic sales target of 1 . 72 million units for 2007 is very challenging , but we ve seen some improvement in july and we re not changing our global targets , he said ."
ap correspondent tim sullivan reports from new delhi
prosecutors say the men all foreign born and described as islamic militants planned to use automatic weapons to kill as many us soldiers as possible .
"reconstruction , by denmark s christoffer boe , won the camera d or , an award for the best film by a first time director , while the prize for best short film went to australia s glendyn ivin for cracker bag ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
spain says increased air and sea surveillance of africa s coast has led to a sharp drop in the number of people attempting the journey .
"chengdu , china cnn heather o reilly s goal in the 69th minute earned the united states a 2 2 draw with north korea in tuesday s group b opening game at the women s world cup ."
two workers were taken to hospital with smoke inhalation .
what they add
at least 14 people died as a result of the fires .
"new delhi cnn an indian car manufacturer unveiled its much anticipated 2 , 500 people s car on thursday a four wheel passenger vehicle which it hopes will provide a much needed transportation option for the poor ."
"interior ministry spokesman javed iqbal cheema , citing reports , said that many of the injuries were serious ."
"iran can now produce nuclear fuel on an industrial scale , president ahmadinejad has announced , in a move likely to further strain tensions with the west ."
our project is at a very advanced stage .
computer game millionaire richard garriott reportedly paid 30 million for the 10 day trip .
ex i marveled at the beauty of the landscape .
"the opposition grand national party is preparing a north korean human rights bill that would require the government to put aside funds for humanitarian aid to the north , and to investigate the fate of defectors who are forcibly returned to north korea ."
"the u . s . seeks to round off its preparations for a nuclear war against the dprk at its final phase and mount a pre emptive nuclear attack on it any time , it added ."
the toy consists of hundreds of brightly coloured beads that can be arranged into a piece of art and sprayed with water to set .
"he said he raised about 22 million during his yearlong campaign far short of the 100 million plus claimed by clinton , the democratic winner in new hampshire ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
they re expected to reach the international space station on friday .
"but it quickly emerged that the girl in the photograph pdf was believed by villagers to be 5 year old bushra binhisa , the daughter of an olive farmer ."
"so where possible , he s using recycled materials and reducing the number of parts ."
several large dogs were running loose on the property when police responded to the scene shortly after 7 15 a . m . 10 15 a . m . et and animal control officers took three huge bull mastiffs and an english bulldog into custody .
witnesses told local television but no one on the ground was hurt .
"the dow jones industrial average charts fell 15 points , erasing virtually all of the day s declines , after plunging as much as 342 points earlier in the session ."
"what we should consider is how much we want to lose aspects of our privacy in order to attain a sort of notional security , said david murakami wood , director of the surveillance studies network , which deals with surveillance and privacy issues . in most cases this isn t real security it s a sense of safety that has very little real effect ."
"they might think this is a model for mainland china , david chan said , explaining the need to protest instead of staying at home ."
"outlying bands of the storm were expected to reach the southeast edge of florida on wednesday night or thursday morning , before veering from the u . s . coast ."
in addition to the fact that he was allegedly attempting to sell a u . s .
it s hard to get lost and there s no danger of traffic jams .
whether someone is deemed to have a warm or cold personality makes a powerful first impression .
it may take two days to restore power to all the affected homes .
sgt cardona s lawyers say they will press him for information about a trip he made to iraq to advise us officials on how to get better intelligence from detainees .
that includes voters who made up their mind in the aftermath of last week s heated democratic debate .
there were other incidents of violence on sunday .
the european union has already said it will seek wto intervention .
"we want the designers to offer some clothes that are a little bit more robust , she also told cnn , and we certainly don t want people under the age of 16 to be modeling ."
"the panels depicting the biblical stories of adam and eve , jacob and esau , and david and goliath then will be moved back to florence to be reassembled in the original doorway for permanent , hermetically sealed display at the museo dell opera del duomo . they are expected never to travel again ."
"london , england cnn princess diana saw her lover , dodi fayed , dying in front of her when she opened her eyes after her car crash in paris , according to evidence presented at an inquest into her death wednesday ."
"according to the sources , the man , who was not identified , returned to north korea to deliver information to authorities in pyongyang ."
"you are more likely to become happy , the study found . but the reverse is not true ."
such incidents reverberate across the u . s . economy because the attacks are one of the reasons for the record high gas prices in the united states .
"president roh moo hyun said on wednesday the government will study every option to better fund social welfare measures , but ruled out tax hikes ."
"speaking during her confirmation hearing for the position of secretary of state , she also called the current u . s . engagement in afghanistan the greatest priority for the president elect ."
a silk garment that doubles as a mobile phone .
thousands of patients who received infected growth hormone did not get cjd
"on one hand , hd s low production costs make the films easier to budget"
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"top it up with water and you have a bubbly , lime colored and flavored drink with just 3 percent alcohol content ."
the two candidates vying to be french president have gone head to head in a highly anticipated tv debate .
obama ups jobs goal to 3 million on bad economic news
pre macworld rumors about an iphone nano and a preview of the snow leopard operating system proved unfounded .
living in a cage in hong kong
"in the human version , the patient s own cells would be used ."
"president roh is in the final months of his term in office , and his critics accuse him of using the summit to cement his image as a peacemaker ."
the answer a very powerful arab leader .
erdogan flies to washington on nov . 5 for talks with president bush that could be key to whether turkey carries out its threat of a major military incursion .
"mccain says he may vote against some of barack obama s ideas , but he likes the president elect s cabinet picks , paying special attention to secretary of state"
cochran said the boy confessed to authorities that he was home alone friday baby sitting a 10 year old girl and the 17 month old girl and became angry when the toddler began to cry .
"richardson was secretary of energy under the clinton administration , a post that helped bring him to national prominence and win the governorship of new mexico in 2002 ."
"in the biggest ever study of the phenomenon , 200 scientists warned that the cloud , estimated to be two miles thick , is responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths a year from respiratory disease ."
and loenne said her team may have only begun to scratch the surface of the forest .
"yadnya kasada , as the ritual is known , started in the 15th century in the final days of the majapahit hindu empire ."
rivera s clothing and makeup later tested positive for pepper spray .
one way of overcoming these difficulties is to measure human capital by looking at wages .
a u . s . commander in iraq said he believes it s not possible to withdraw troops from his region south and east of baghdad by year s end as an influential senator called for a day earlier .
"north korea had 25 million in the bank , and tam would not say how much of the money was transferred ."
security screening tips
"kia motors will invest 1 . 2 billion to build its 2 . 9 square kilometer 735 acre plant , which is scheduled to open its assembly lines in 2009 ."
"an explosion rocked the israeli town of hadera killing at least two and injuring more than 36 people , a local israeli official said ."
"tilly was diagnosed with severe anemia , which could have been caused by any one of numerous toxic items found in the refrigerators , cupboards and medicine cabinets of most homes ."
"in a statement adopted at the end of a party caucus , the party expressed profound regret for failing to keep to their promise that they would abandon their parliamentary seats ."
"growth for the first nine months of the year was 11 . 5 percent , the same rate recorded for the first half of the year , the national bureau of statistics reported ."
"enraged with the illegal use of their programs , the 11 companies led by microsoft that claim the rights to the intellectual property filed a class action lawsuit on may 25 against the nine illegal users ."
philadelphia downs tampa to win world series
he killed himself after the rampage .
"or nbc s journeyman , in which a reporter becomes a time traveler able to change events ."
"the older the star is , maybe the greater the chance that it has produced something that s clever , seti spokesman dr seth shostak said ."
"the power company , mercury energy , said it had been unaware any disconnection would put her life at risk ."
"more than 500 people , including california first lady maria shriver , paid 2 , 500 per ticket for the one night performance ."
"last month , a judge ordered spears , 25 , to submit to random drug tests after finding she engaged in habitual , frequent , and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol ."
today the dynamo seems like the little engine that couldn t .
"richard p . lawless , the pentagon s deputy undersecretary for asia pacific affairs , also defended the transfer as a natural step in the evolution of the u . s ."
"among republicans , arizona sen . john mccain appears to have a slight edge coming off his win in south carolina ."
over 100 celebrities and professional baseball players to be servicing in the army .
"the plaintiff in the case was a male , who sued kuwait s interior ministry for refusing to write the names of five women , including his own wife , into the parliamentary electoral rolls last year ."
"these days , the internet has forever changed the rules ."
"we believe he has a strong will to live , maybe because he trained as a soldier and was a real fighter ."
"amin is a 40 year old father of five with broad shoulders , a rich baritone and a confident , animated demeanor ."
afp mcdonald s said it has instructed its meat suppliers to phase out the use of growth promoting antibioticsanimal husbandry on june 19 thursday in the service of the wider public health battle on antibiotic resistance in humans .
"you have spoken loud and clear and chosen the course the country will take in the next few years , prime minister costas karamanlis said as thousands of party supporters thronged the streets of central athens , honking horns , chanting slogans and waving the blue flags of his new democracy party ."
"the rush of interest in setting up space tourism companies has seen proposed spaceport projects in dubai in the united arab emirates , and california , oklahoma , new mexico , florida , virginia , alaska and wisconsin in the united states ."
"until recently , it was easy to find picky shoppers being particular over every detail of a product s class and quality , not minding the number on the price tag ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the uri party , which suffered crushing defeats in previous polls , fielded only 14 candidates in a total of 55 districts ."
the 16 year study involved tracking the movement of 28 stars at the center of the milky way using telescopes at the european southern observatory in chile .
"the militant was involved in weapons smuggling , she said ."
"him sarun said the crash site is thought to be between kamchay and bokor mountains in kampot province , about 130 kilometers 80 miles southwest of the capital , phnom penh . but he added that it had not yet been located by rescue teams ."
"elsewhere , stormy weather moved through the south monday night and"
words of concern and encouragement this morning about the economy .
draft likely to be reduced
abc news is reporting those items include the victim s underwear .
"for 10 years , barbara s gut told her she needed to get a new doctor for her daughter , and for 10 years , she didn t listen , even as her daughter got sicker and sicker ."
witnesses estimated that as many as 40 people were killed .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
exhibition curator gary radke of syracuse university says that the special alloy of bronze developed in the 15th century workshop of lorenzo ghiberti for the doors had resulted in a corrosion that had dulled the dull surfaces of the square relief sculptures and other gilt ornaments on the doors .
"also on sunday , the u . s . ambassador to serbia called on the country s leaders to do more to protect foreign diplomatic missions ."
the kcna dispatch was the first reaction from north korea .
"the airline had earlier suspended lisa robertson pending an investigation into reports she had sex with fiennes during a flight from the northern city of darwin to mumbai , india , on january 24 ."
"we have to keep sending signals to the north that their security will be guaranteed and they could get profits through reform and openness , roh told a news conference ."
environmental groups are calling for tougher standards to keep carcinogens out of drinking water .
"destroyed crops have resulted in increased food prices , while the inability to transport goods has further inflated prices and led to shortages at stores ."
"a record that i m going to continue to defend , because i think it s a good strong record ."
"bridgeville , in northern california , was the first town ever put on the ebay auction block ."
"the complex situation in europe and in the world call for us to show a shared and strong commitment , prodi said ."
"still , sizable numbers of 10 and 11 year olds also had unwanted exposure 17 percent of boys and 16 percent of girls that age ."
porretti has a disorder afflicting 6 percent of people over 65 to some degree .
"his office later said he was talking about a general military principle dealing with outside threats , not about launching an unprovoked pre emptive attack on the north ."
"thursday s expulsion by russia of four british diplomats was prompted by the provocative and unfriendly actions of london in expelling four russian diplomats on monday , russian foreign ministry spokesman mikhail kamynin said at a brief news conference ."
annual sales of robot units are estimated at 5 billion to 6 billion .
defense attorney jeffrey hoffman said he would appeal .
"he told un secretary general ban ki moon that he felt african efforts to obtain the release of results had made no progress , a un statement says ."
"three years after his crusades epic kingdom of heaven , director ridley scott returns to the shifting sands of the middle east with body of lies ."
the signing in new delhi in the presence of foreign ministers of both countries comes just days after two blasts sparked a fire that killed 68 people on a train from india to pakistan .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"tama merchandise abounds , empty train carriages are now full and the line is no longer facing bankruptcy ."
"but ms suu kyi remains under house arrest and western diplomats , including khalilzad , have voiced scepticism over the commitment of burma s leaders to a genuine process of dialogue ."
"most troubling was the collapse in confidence and supply of liquidity in major banks , burdened by unknown amounts of bad debs related to sub prime mortgages ."
"the two will be in separate rooms , and their games will be mirror images of one another , with eslami getting the cards that the computer received in its hands against laak , and vice versa ."
"averaging about 80 kilometers 50 miles a day since he started stroking in the amazon s peruvian headwaters on february 1 , strel fulfilled his goal near the city of belem , 2 , 440 kilometers 1 , 515 miles north of rio de janeiro ."
"and viacom has opened a chain of adult playgrounds called block party , where adults play virtual reality games ."
"for adults , disney ships offer nightclubs , classes , fitness centers , an adult only restaurant called palo , and wine , beer and martini tastings ."
"they ve sent their message , and now it is time to put politics behind us and support our troops with the funds they need ."
"he s got a rally in the state capital at mid day , then heads to northern virginia this afternoon ."
"some residents of the town , which is heavily populated by immigrants , accused the police officers of fleeing the scene without helping the boys . police said the teens drove through a red light without wearing helmets and on an unregistered bike ."
"that s easy to do this time of year , when autumn brightens the town s trees , and straw color mums decorate victorian porches on king carter drive ."
north korean vice foreign minister kim kye gwan and u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill met for four hours on monday evening for talks and dinner at the waldorf astoria hotel in new york . they left without any comment to waiting reporters .
"sidr s eye crossed the khulna barisal coast near the sundarbans mangrove forests around 9 30 p . m . 11 30 a . m . et , the bangladesh meteorological department said ."
relatives waiting at nairobi s airport were distraught as news reports about the missing plane came in .
"the prisoners are free today , said chaudhry s lawyer aitzaz ahsan , the associated press reported ."
"but the llaima volcano s eruptions were slowing by wednesday afternoon , so a larger evacuation did not appear necessary ."
"more than 50 cattle are involved in the latest suspected case , and culling has begun , the agency said ."
pyongyang also asked washington to agree to set up a cooperative committee through which information on illegal financial transactions could be exchanged . he said the u . s . delegation did not respond to the suggestion .
"browne acknowledged britain , the united states and others were shouldering a greater burden than we like in leading the alliance s mission to combat taliban loyalists and extend the reach of president hamid karzai s kabul government ."
"his side are two points clear of chelsea , who salvaged a 1 1 draw at liverpool with frank lampard s 62nd minute penalty ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
ordered not to cry
united nations secretary general ban ki moon said in a statement he was deeply saddened by the loss of life and the destruction suffered by the people of myanmar and pledged to mobilize international aid and assistance as needed .
"if you wanted to win this tournament , you had to make putts , woods said . and i just happened to make them today ."
"after a clean start powell was quickest into his stride but lacked the extra gears to contain gay . powell has been affected by knee tendonitis and a groin injury but bounced back with 9 . 90 last month in rome , the second best time this year ."
"a career foreign service officer who has served five presidents , hill speaks polish , serbo croation , macedonian and albanian ."
"i stretched my legs under the seat now and then , trying not to bother the guy in front ."
"about 60 ministry officials have been ordered to improve their working attitudes , with 19 obliged to undergo a three month training program ."
she wouldn t go as far as to say diplomatic normalization with pyongyang is possible before she leaves office in early 2009 .
"this meant fink s invention was useful not only in the military and telecommunications field , but could also be used in minimally invasive laser surgery"
several officials close to president elect barack obama s transition tell cnn that defense secretary robert gates is expected to stay on the job for at least the first year of the new administration .
venus looks as if she is really enjoying herself out there more than serena is right now .
"but the political struggle threatened to turn into a physical confrontation this week when yushchenko ordered the dismissal of the nation s chief prosecutor , loyal to the prime minister , who refused to leave his office ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"palin s going rogue , mccain aide says"
the protesters later joined the anti impeachment candlelight vigil .
"attacking revelers in the mansour district of western baghdad , a suicide car bomber killed at least 30 people and wounded 75 , an iraqi interior ministry official said ."
"obama team reviewing virtually every agency , aide says"
"living longer , healthier lives as a result , dr . thomas r . frieden , city health commissioner , said in the news release ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"i believe in intellectual property and ensuring that manufacturers earn the profit margins they need to keep the discovery and supply of aids drugs sustainable . but that shouldn t prevent us from getting essential life saving medicines to those who need them in low and middle income countries alike , he said ."
"he was taken to washington s sibley memorial hospital , where he died , the hospital confirmed ."
"the fact that it s been so quick and so violent , you knew there was something wrong ."
"the other u . s . astronaut , sunita williams , will remain on board with cosmonauts fyodor yurchikhin and oleg kotov ."
"i believe the majority of hispanics share our view that the border must be secured , and the border must be secured first , mccain said in phoenix , arizona ."
but some aborigines say it should have been accompanied with compensation for their suffering .
hong kong developed an action plan after a deadly outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome sars five years ago .
the fire continued to burn into the night . paulo barros told the brazilian newspaper o globo that he was getting ready to board a flight to brasilia on another runway when the plane crashed .
"later that year , she appeared in arthur laurents comedy invitation to a march , which had incidental music by stephen sondheim ."
do these companies need taxpayer subsidies to look for new product ? they don t need any incentive .
the spread of the highly contagious bacterium said nurses at three hospitals run by the maidstone and tunbridge wells nhs trust were often too busy to wash their hands and left patients in their own excrement .
the team of rangers beginning a planned monthlong survey spotted a group of gorillas tuesday known as the humba family group .
"i m not sure they have completely solved the problem , but they ve made a big step in that direction , said trinkaus , who was not involved in the research ."
"olmert said if saudi arabia arranged a conference of moderate arab states and invited him and palestinian leader mahmoud abbas , he would attend ."
"the arizona senator s remaining primary season rival , mike huckabee , withdrew from the presidential race tuesday night ."
"an explosive device which could have caused substantial harm was found wednesday in the parking lot of an austin , texas , women s clinic where abortions are performed , authorities said ."
the sentence was suspended for five years meaning park will not be jailed if he stays out of trouble for that long .
"attackers targeting iraqi police and civilians in and around baghdad on sunday killed 27 people and wounded 45 others , iraqi officials said ."
south korean presidential spokesman cheon ho sun said the deal had been reached on the condition that south korea withdraws troops by the end of the year and south korea suspends missionary work in afghanistan .
"the conditions cleared in late morning , showing mangled , charred trucks and cars pinned underneath some tractor trailers ."
"according to this year s policy guidelines released yesterday , the ministry said it will establish an integrated support system for foreigners because the nation is fast becoming a multi national society ."
tung reiterated assurances his government will continue to take active steps to maintain and safeguard rights and freedoms .
"armando schneider filho , director of engineering for the nation s airport authority infraero , said the runway would remain closed for 20 days ."
"the birds released at cassino beach the next day had to meet very specific health criteria , said ruoppolo ."
"more than 420 people have been hurt , hospital officials said ."
"the giant rat is about five times the size of a typical city rat , said kristofer helgen , a scientist with the smithsonian institution in washington . with no fear of humans , it apparently came into the camp several times during the trip ."
"krosa came ashore as a typhoon in china s zhejiang and fujian provinces , but weakened and was soon downgraded to a tropical storm , the official xinhua news agency said ."
"we and also voters are worried about security , particularly in dili , which is a very high risk area , she told reuters ."
a total of 14 . 9 million people around 24 per cent of the population are on the register .
"a u . n . committee passed a japan instigated resolution tuesday pressing north korea to improve its human rights situation , with south korea abstaining ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"he is a fisherman , but most boats and nets were destroyed during the cyclone ."
"matthew norman , thanh duc tan nguyen and si yi chen each said to have been a courier rather than a mastermind of the operation were each sentenced to life imprisonment after their initial trial ."
"ma , a nationalist , opposes reunification with china but ran on a platform touting the economic benefits of better relations with the mainland ."
"giant squid live in waters off southern australia and new zealand where a half ton colossus , believed to be the world s largest , was caught in february ."
he said nato is close to have the number of troops its military advisers recommend .
"hill said the declaration will also include uranium enrichment programs , which the united states fears could be used to make nuclear weapons ."
"once endeavour was safely past the 73 second mark of the flight , the moment when challenger exploded shortly after the call go at throttle up , mission control exclaimed , morgan racing toward space on the wings of a legacy ."
"champions real madrid made a winning start by coming from behind to beat neighbors atletico 2 1 in front of 80 , 000 at the bernabeu , while promoted real murcia beat real zaragoza 2 1 in their opening fixture ."
"hd dvd is one of the several ways we offer a high definition experience to consumers , and we will continue to give consumers the choice to enjoy digital distribution of high definition movies and tv shows directly to their living room , along with playback of the dvd movies they already own , blair westlake , a corporate vice president of microsoft s media and entertainment group , said in a written statement ."
we certainly will have somebody in place
"i don t mind spending money here , hinkle said , lifting her two large lime green shopping bags with the oprah store written on the side ."
"more than 70 people have been killed in blasts at three cities in iraq , in one of the deadliest days there for weeks ."
"former secretary of state colin powell announced sunday that he will be voting for sen . barack obama , citing the democrat s ability to inspire and the inclusive nature of his campaign ."
"after all the defendants denied having the phone or knowing who it belonged to , restaino sent 46 people to jail ."
"the club confirmed that the american surgeon , who has also operated on england striker michael owen , had already acted to repair the knee ."
"grindhouse played to big crowds on the east and west coasts but failed to click with audiences in the midwest and south , weinstein said ."
"high maternal , infant and under five mortality often indicates lack of access to basic services such as clean water and sanitation , immunizations and proper nutrition , she said in a statement ."
the festival runs over nine days and will then move on the liverpool for three extra days of screenings .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"unsurprisingly for a performer who has had run ins with the music establishment in the past , prince referred to the industry as the speculation business ."
he also said only an insane person could dream of building a great canal which would drain the national budget .
"the space rock missed our planet by only 75 , 000 miles , about one third the distance to the moon , making the near collision one of the closest ever recorded ."
heavy security prevented media from approaching sarkozy s entourage at the airport and the couple was whisked off in a convoy of egyptian presidential security cars to luxor s famed old winter palace hotel on the east bank of the nile .
"basa ruddin , 38 , pleaded guilty to unintentional homicide in the january 8 incident in the southern johor state ."
philippine ambassador susan castrence said it is bizarre that korea does not allow filipinos the visa even though an increasing number of koreans go to the philippines to study english .
establish a set of steps to help you reach your goal .
"washington has appointed christopher r . hill , the former u . s . ambassador to poland , as its top envoy to seoul ."
"if a part of the strategic nuclear potential of the united states appears in europe and , in the opinion of our military specialists , will threaten us , then we will have to take appropriate steps in response . what kind of steps ? we will have to have new targets in europe , putin said , according to a transcript released by the kremlin ."
"in 2005 , for the first time in 85 years , the united states was forced to import honeybees in order to meet its pollination demands ."
"the council issued three demands to iran last december 23 freeze uranium enrichment , stop building heavy water facilities and fully cooperate with the iaea ."
some of the victims had fragments of glass pressed into their skulls .
"but unfortunately he didn t tell me how to beat rafa , he added , before spraying his opponent with champagne ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"spaniard nicolas almagro crushed finn jarkko nieminen 6 2 6 2 to set up a likely quarter final with top seed roger federer , who plays cypriot marcos baghdatis later on thursday ."
last weekend s murder of an 11 year old by a convicted sex offender has triggered an outcry here for the public release of more data on released offenders who are back in their communities .
michael bloomberg wants to overturn new york city s term limit law and run for a third term as mayor .
in a separate interview published by le parisien newspaper royal accused sarkozy of mimicking george bush s compassionate conservatism .
"attendees will start working on a report on iwc reform during wednesday s session , fisheries agency official joji morishita told reporters tuesday evening ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the new order will remain in effect until a february 20 hearing , in which simpson s attorneys must provide the former football star s financial records if they want to ask the court to make an exemption on his spending ."
"american wayne chandero was impressed , standing inside the church of the nativity on manger square ."
"it s also true that the manager always has an important role to play . it was a great season for me and for my club , and the coach was important for me because i learned a lot for him , he said ."
"in the hugely popular game , players score points by swapping gems to form vertical and horizontal chains ."
"cnn 8212 severe storms packing heavy rains , high winds and powerful lightning swept across the american midwest to the east coast on sunday , flooding towns from iowa to michigan , threatening levees and leaving at least eight people dead ."
"it s not , will we see it ?"
korea to double african aid by . . .
"instead , the bush administration hopes that it can help more than half of the two million homeowners who took out adjustable rate subprime loans with payments due to move sharply higher soon by offering some of them a five year mortgage rate freeze ."
before the raids the chinese counterfeiting syndicate was thought to have sold and distributed software worth more than 2 billion .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"it would be clearly inappropriate for you to attend the olympic games in china , given the increasingly repressive nature of that country s government , the letter said ."
the ministry of finance and economy wednesday announced that the government will pursue macroeconomic policy to solidify the ongoing recovery .
irbil is one of the three provinces compromising iraq s kurdish region .
"obama garnered 49 percent of registered democrats , while clinton trailed by just 3 percentage points ."
"and in 2004 , he set a new world record after swimming 4 , 003 kilometers 2 , 487 miles along china s yangtze ."
"aaa s lon anderson says with the holiday coming on a friday , there will be more adults partying tonight"
"decani , serbia cnn the visoki decani monastery is nestled in a stunning canyon ringed by rugged mountains , but it s not the altitude that takes your breath away ."
"researchers predict that the recurring oxygen depleted dead zone off the louisiana coast will grow this summer to 8 , 543 square miles its largest in at least 22 years ."
"when asked whether race relations will always pose a problem in the united states , about half of black americans , 52 percent , said yes and just 43 percent of whites shared that view ."
"clinton began april in debt , according to financial reports filed over the weekend with the federal election commission . she had about 32 million cash on hand , but only 9 million of that total represents funds that can be spent in the primary races ."
draft likely to be reduced
sarkozy whisked his wife and son off for a tour around malta a day after his election sunday .
one failed attempt to resuscitate the airship content came from the german company cargolifter ag in the mid 1990s .
"western nations , including the united states , contend iran is using the program to develop nuclear weapons ."
palin emphasized her admiration for the president elect in the interview .
i was always a little overweight and i did comedy very well .
"they use wacom cintiq graphic tablets , allowing them to draw directly onto digital renderings of new products ."
"my dad was so loved by so many people , and his humor and spirit will always live in our hearts ."
the redmond based software maker said the decision to stop selling hd dvd players won t have a material impact on its video game business .
aging population results in the stagnant economic growth .
"johannesburg , south africa ap speakers decried crime in south africa at the funeral thursday of a renowned historian who was shot dead earlier this week ."
the defense ministry last friday revealed a document from washington a year ago that notified seoul of its decision to end its war reserve stocks program by 2006 .
the baby is due in june .
"president roh moo hyun will meet bae hyeon jin , the inspiration for the movie running boy ."
"since mid september , she s been applying to an average of 40 jobs a day , but , she said , it just sort of feels like my resume is going into a giant stack with everybody else s ."
"the smoke that comes from the burning end of a cigarette , cigar or pipe and the smoke that is exhaled by the smoker ."
"since then , rat island , as the piece of rock was dubbed by a sea captain in the 1800s , has gone eerily silent ."
a grand jury indicted joshua mauldin last week on child injury charges after hearing evidence that he placed the two month old in a motel microwave for 10 to 20 seconds .
it was the first us rate cut in four years .
"if you try to control a meme , so enjoy it without ego and let it take itself wherever it wants to go ."
"russia and any country that aspires to the pathway to democracy can only benefit from free , open and peaceful airing of views regardless of whether they are supportive . . . or whether it s critical of the government and its policies , mccormack said ."
"gov . sarah palin said wednesday that she would be honored to help president elect barack obama in his new administration , even if he did hang around with an unrepentant domestic terrorist ."
"some analysts have forecast pricing dropping as low as 50 , and i don t think that s that likely in the short term , unless we really go into an extended global recession ."
"the trial has been adjourned for a week , until 5 december ."
flying with the flu ?
"what if north korea doesn t show them to inspectors , if they say we ve stopped this and shut down that , what if they say you have to trust us ? said liu gongliang , a physicist at china s institute of applied physics and computational mathematics who has followed north korea s nuclear program for the chinese government ."
the couple consented and had 25 children .
"in the 62 tournaments she has played over the last seven years , wie received 53 exemptions or invitations ."
a sixth loss at the oscars would put scorsese in the record books as the filmmaker with the most nominations without winning .
bruce springsteen and billy joel are planning a joint concert to benefit obama s campaign .
"in greendale , wis . , doreen schellhase , 46 , her two daughters and her son s girlfriend donned santa hats and prepared to storm the target store before its 7 a . m . opening , equipped with two way radios to best the competition ."
"as bumblebee , you must fight decepticons , transform into a car , race around an open ended city , protect a teenager who holds the key to finding the allspark and so on ."
"antarctica is the coldest , driest and windiest place in the world but during the high summer , it can feel decidedly mild ."
"four bombs were detonated on underground trains at liverpool street , russell square and edgware road , and on a double decker bus at tavistock square ."
"inspired by a 1987 belgian exhibition of artist decorated rooms , bernard redolfi commissioned one artist a year to transform one of the windsor s rooms ."
remains in the works .
water on the grounds of the great ape trust of iowa in des moines has been as high as 14 feet after flooding began last week .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the last such ivory auction happened in 1999 .
"although a few hard core supporters demand that south korea switch to a monarchy , yi considers such demands unrealistic ."
"he lectured regularly , exhorting audiences to think for themselves and delighting in barbed commentary against the institutions he felt were dehumanizing people ."
"rowles said he went inside , got his rifle and fired three shots to scare the youths away , according to a warren township police report ."
"the united states , which has raised concerns about election fraud in the southern african country , called on zimbabwe s government to make sure the counting of the votes . . . ensures the will of the people is heard , state department spokesman tom casey said monday ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the cat s owner insisted the feline hadn t been exposed to any drugs or possible poisons .
paulson had spearheaded the effort to find wolfowitz s successor .
"the irs estimates that about half of the people who are owed refunds will get more than 580 . diane kepley , washington ."
. . .
the south korean government has said it will withdraw its troops at the end of this year as planned .
the top military intelligence official is telling congress the use of roadside bombs in afghanistan more than doubled last year .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice called the iranian action provocative and dangerous .
"because scientists noticed satellite images within hours , they diverted satellite cameras and even flew an airplane over the ongoing collapse for rare pictures and video ."
"the water rushes down the hills , eroding the loose soil and flowing into rivers and lakes , such as the mirror like dal lake in central srinagar , which is becoming overgrown with weeds and sludge ."
"the next generation spacecraft , the orion capsule , won t be ready for manned flight until march 2015 ."
"otp verification refers to a security system that requires a new password every time a user authenticates himself , thus protecting against an intruder attempting to use an intercepted password ."
"it said a path into gaza , where israel launched a ground offensive against hamas militants on saturday , will be opened for a specific period of time , during which the population can receive the aid ."
"the woman said she sought an flds divorce , known as a release , from jeffs but was denied ."
lines of mourners filed past yeltsin s open casket as priests chanted liturgies at the gold domed christ the savior cathedral .
keith richards and ronnie wood were pictured smoking on stage during their concert at the new arena on tuesday night .
"doctors have known for years that gum disease and heart disease are linked , but they have yet to reach agreement on the exact reasons behind the connection ."
"the smurfs , forest dwellers who live in little white capped mushroom homes , developed their own smurf language in which nouns and verbs were interchanged ."
we re partying tonight . impromptu performances by rappers like t . i . and nelly and singers like robin thicke soon followed .
"china is reportedly urging north korean leader kim jong il to ease off his hard line stance toward the united states , a sign of beijing s impatience with its communist ally s insistence on building nuclear weapons ."
the dow is up 10 points .
the 38 year old wilson was taken by ambulance to a hospital last week after police responded to a call about a suicide attempt at his santa monica home .
"the beckhams will make their new home in a reported 22 million , 13 , 000 square foot villa in beverly hills , where neighbors include their friends tom cruise and katie holmes ."
"labor shortages will cut the nation s economic growth potential to 4 . 3 percent between 2011 and 2020 , a team of experts working with the government said yesterday ."
"many people will have been able to seek refuge in neighbors homes and in public buildings such as schools and clinics , he said ."
"merrill lynch , the world s largest brokerage , on thursday posted a fourth quarter loss of nearly 10 billion after writing down some 14 . 6 billion worth of investments and trades slammed by the ongoing credit crisis ."
several days of clashes between gujjars and police have left at least 35 people dead .
"resistance was futile . it did go on an example not just of great marketing , but of the kind of movie theme song that no longer exists ."
"of all the goodies up our sleeves lately , this is one of the most dramatic , tim stanley , chief information officer of harrah s , told the associated press ."
an internet statement posted at that time in the name of al qaeda in iraq claimed the group killed those two .
i also think it s important that the document be substantive enough that it points that there is a way forward toward the establishment of a palestinian state .
the u . n . nuclear watchdog also said it would finalize plans on how to deal with safeguards at iran s natanz uranium enrichment plant by early august .
"the us officials , speaking off camera on condition of anonymity , said efps had also injured more than 620 us personnel since june 2004 . they said us intelligence analysts believed the bombs were manufactured in iran and secretly sent to iraqi shia militants on the orders of senior officials in tehran ."
"he s riding a winning streak and leads clinton by more than 140 pledged delegates , but he faces some challenges in texas , a state with a large latino population . clinton s done quite well with such voters so far this primary season ."
"the agency also was using three roving canteens , which were providing hot meals and beverages to victims ."
"electoral commission officials announced on friday that opposition leader morgan tsvangirai won the most votes , but not the simple majority needed to avoid a runoff with second place finisher mugabe s ."
"by 48 points , they said obama was more likeable ."
"homogenital behavior is objectively immoral , while making the important distinction between this behavior and a homosexual orientation , which is not immoral in itself , the u . s . conference of catholic bishops has said ."
it changed the patient physician relationship .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"if they get by everyone and meet each other , it will be an interesting match ."
the deal was intended to end several weeks of chaos and violence in the once stable country that followed the disputed december 27 election .
a hamas spokesman confirmed that its forces arrested two individuals with links to army of islam in gaza .
the who s peter cordingly says nations need to do whatever it takes to limit the number of new infections
"certainly , you know , that s not all the consumers who have lost their jobs , but the ones that haven t are probably more worried about their prospects for keeping their job in 2009 ."
washington cnnmoney . com
"the artist , who has long focused on large format sketches and other designs , said he had been planning to put an anonymous face on barcelona s mediterranean beachfront but shelved the idea ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the tuesday truck bombs that targeted the villages of qahtaniya , al jazeera and tal uzair , in northern iraq near the border with syria , were a trademark al qaeda event designed to sway u . s . public opinion against the war , a u . s . general said wednesday ."
"the man and woman were attacked after they met so she could retrieve an old photograph of herself from him , according to al lahim ."
and it s becoming standard weekend viewing now for political junkies
but these days that rationale is being questioned .
"neither north korea nor china , its closest ally , has confirmed the visit . a chinese foreign ministry spokesman said he had no specific information about the trip ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"man yi was moving east northeast at 22 mph 35 kph as it reached the tokai region after ripping through the southernmost main island of kyushu on saturday , the meteorological agency said ."
economic shock gives rise to coupon cutting
now the eu executive is threatening a binding lower limit for 2012 but the car industry will not have to bear that alone as the eu promises to boost the use of biofuels and cleaner fossil fuels .
north korea had been expected to announce its steps in implementing the six party agreement upon confirmation of the money transfer .
"stock prices of private education companies skyrocketed yesterday , enjoying about a 14 percent hike from tuesday , proving that change is a good business opportunity for them ."
"howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation ."
"the princess had half turned round in relation to her initial position and her head was between the two front seats , facing sideways and she could see her boyfriend just in front of her , the officer said ."
"tight budget , like i m saying , we re picking off the dollar menu"
the appeal for talks came after perplexing signals from the isolated north that left officials in seoul and washington wondering just what north korea s intentions were .
"ma joined taylor in taylor s washington , massachusetts , barn to record george harrison s here comes the sun . other guests include vocalists alison krauss and renee fleming , trumpeter chris botti and saxophonist joshua redman ."
"while teens who take virginity pledges do delay sexual activity until an average age of 21 compared to about age 17 for the average american teen , the reason for the delay is more likely due to pledge takers religious background and conservative views"
"the enrollment specialist told me if i wanted to change my statistics , i d have to go through my tribal organization ."
"when pressed on troop plans , miliband said in his television interview i don t want to get into the prediction game ."
the announcement came after the nec ruled monday that roh again violated the election law requiring public officials to stay neutral ahead of elections .
the world s worst airports
"meanwhile , the air travel industry is continuing to expand operations despite the challenges facing some airlines ."
"also , she added that the two babies found in the freezer of her home in seoul were not twins and she strangled the babies until they died ."
the appeal was of a decision earlier this year by a special three judge panel of the u . s . district court in washington . the decision meant the group if it now chooses to air any broadcast ads must indicate by name its sponsorship and disclose its political donors .
"still , the house is likely to clear it by midweek , while key senate committees get to work ."
"there was no immediate claim of responsibility , but the jihadist group has been trying to scare people away from joining the movement which also includes some former insurgents and is attempting to counter its inroads ."
"the general closure of the west bank and gaza went into effect early friday morning and will be lifted according to security assessments , a statement from israel defense forces said ."
"thirty eight people have been hurt , two of them critically , when a continental airlines jet taking off from denver veered off the runway into a ravine and caught fire ."
"exiled russian multi millionaire and critic of russian president vladimir putin , boris berezovsky"
"many astronomers believe mars used to have quantities of liquid water on its surface , but they have never agreed on where the water went ."
solti admired his ambition to take the mariinsky orchestra outside russia and share its music with the world .
"the international community has pressured kenyan leaders to resolve the election crisis as soon as possible , and stop violence that has killed at least 500 people ."
"three politicians viewed by pundits as possible running mates for republican presidential candidate john mccain will join the senator at his arizona home this weekend , but campaign officials said wednesday the gathering is purely social ."
"jerusalem cnn a palestinian militant cell planned to assassinate israeli prime minister ehud olmert during a recent visit to the west bank city of jericho , israeli media reported sunday ."
"the opposition , which controls the legislative chamber , has for days threatened to block central bank deputy gov . toshiro muto s appointment , which came last week , accusing the government of bulldozing bills and using strong arm tactics to push their own personnel decisions ."
"i didn t make the decision of being the ceo lightly , he said . i wanted to make a change at yahoo that i believe i can make . . . that s a dream that i felt i could achieve by being ceo and that s still the dream today ."
"the fares of yellow and red buses will be 500 won and 1 , 400 won , respectively ."
"according to analysts , much of the stock s recent weakness stems from concerns that labor and other rising costs are hampering profits while increases in sales at stores open at least 13 months , a key measure of retail health , are contracting ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"but news of mirren s win was inescapable monday , dominating newspaper front pages and television newscasts ."
top un relief co ordinator jan egeland said an abrupt end to food aid would harm north korea s most vulnerable .
"but they were not amongst the five most expensive places to live , with that honor going to iceland , denmark , switzerland , norway and ireland ."
thailand s election commission chairman has cast doubt on whether a controversial election set for 2 april can go ahead as planned .
"in 2008 , there was a distinct shift downwards in the average ages of golfing champions ."
"he told us where the president is , and we told him where we are , and we reached towards each other , bennett said ."
"this is a man who doesn t believe in democracy and freedom and peace , bush said ."
"so she could show the ring off . the otherworldly lights also have provided inspiration for almost sacred pilgrimages , eder said ."
as a grammy winning superstar known for hits such as i will always love you .
"sarkozy , who supports washington s view , said he backs new sanctions ."
"and a swathe of coastal provinces where rivers rose to dangerous levels on tuesday , the government said ."
communist military deaths north koreans and the chinese who intervened five months into the war are estimated in the hundreds of thousands .
correspondents say diplomats privately admit .
"a judge directing the inquest into the deaths of princess diana and her boyfriend refused on monday to include queen elizabeth ii and her husband , prince philip , as potential witnesses ."
"an online commentator who said next year s beijing olympics would force ordinary chinese to live like pigs and dogs has been detained for nearly a week on a charge of subversion , his wife said wednesday ."
the world s leading nations stepped up their efforts sunday to stem the fallout from the worst global financial crisis in decades .
"vehicles on all portland roads were required to have snow chains , kgw said , but drivers were advised to stay off roads completely ."
"hanks has taken to his myspace . com page to pledge his support for obama , who is competing to be the first black president ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the hospital s foundation is paying for the operation because the girl s family could not afford the medical bills , said mamatha ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"in 2004 , then king norodom sihanouk announced his support for gay rights , including the right to marry ."
"about half of elementary , middle and high school students have looked at pornography , while some 3 percent of them have had sex , according to a recent survey ."
"but a united news of bangladesh report put the death toll at at least 1 , 100 ."
the korea times reports seoul and washington will have to discuss further reduction of u . s .
"the actor also earned critical praise for supporting turns in the movies the aviator , the departed and the cooler ."
her father has lived in nigeria for years and works in the energy industry .
"the korea times reports that if the government s bill is passed in the national assembly , 19 year olds will be permitted to exercise property rights and make legally binding contracts independently from next year ."
"people get terribly anxious , says dr . arthur barsky , professor of psychiatry at harvard medical school . one woman who came to see me was convinced she had melanoma ."
"the head of iraqi forces in falluja said they had found slaughterhouses where hostages had been held and killed , along with records of victims ."
the associated press reported a higher number about 275 have died since saturday .
"here in the assembly , everyone wears the same identical dark suit ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
key steps meant to assuage international concerns about nuclear activity in the usually secretive communist nation .
camels are big business in the desert kingdom and are traded by bedouin tribes for thousands of dollars each .
"only about 200 mountain gorillas were estimated to be living in the park at last count , out of an estimated 700 in the world ."
"the scene , who asked not to be named , told reuters by telephone ."
"that makes it just two games lost in two rounds for the defending champion , who next takes on 18 year old polish hope agnieszka radwanska ."
"the most prolific and deadly zoonotic is hiv , the virus that causes aids ."
"we have long been seriously concerned about north korea s nuclear weapons program and its proliferation activities , the statement said . north korea s clandestine nuclear cooperation with syria is a dangerous manifestation of those activities ."
malia and sasha have already put their lists together .
nor has pavick experienced headaches over paying for her bethanechol
"initially hailed a hero for moving people away , he was later cast in a different light when the fbi began investigating whether he had set off the bomb to give himself an opportunity to be a hero ."
"anticipating advances in technology , the ioc routinely keeps samples collected during each olympic games for eight years ."
"reports of another explosion triggered a dash toward a supposed second blast site , but those reports proved unfounded , said aftab cheema , senior superintendent of lahore police ."
when does north korea test its nuclear bombs ?
"the tilting mechanism stopped working in early december , exasperating a power problem that arose three months earlier when a solar wing rotating joint jammed up and had to be shut down ."
"u . s . merchants will , however , continue to pay higher fees for internet transactions , which average approximately 2 . 5 percent vs ."
youssif and his father stood at the center of the circle holding hands . watch youssif being happy again raquo
"in addition there will be further limiting on the hamas government in a way that will limit the transferring of goods to gaza , reducing the supply of electricity and fuel and will limit the movement of people in and out of gaza ."
funding for up to five winning ideas will be awarded in may .
japan s no . 2 automaker will begin testing a prototype with its assembly line workers later this month for feedback .
danish officials initially said sweden had been awarded a 3 0 forfeit victory .
"a plucky jack russell terrier named george saved five children from two marauding pit bulls , but was so severely mauled in the fight that it had to be put down , its owner said wednesday ."
the deputy said the u . s . military was handling the investigation .
he expressed optimism that countries involved in the nuclear talks can be more flexible and reach a compromise over the issue .
some appeared dazed after realizing that their last hope of seeing their family members again was gone .
"lee , who is also the deputy prime minister , said he was stepping down because the controversy was damaging the credibility of the government ."
but deflation and declining consumer demand continue to plague the world s second largest economy .
and hamilton said that more than two dozen fortune 500 companies are testing out the product .
"with a record of working across the aisle to develop sound bipartisan legislation , he would offer a choice to a broader range of americans than the rest of the republican field ."
"vice president dick cheney s plan visit to seoul in mid april is stirring up some new questions on korea u . s . relations , as the tentative date for the trip overlaps with the nation s general elections ."
police said yesterday they have seized evidence indicating as many as 250 single korean women have illegally entered the united states by representing themselves as the wives of well to do employees at some of korea s major corporations .
"ma , a nationalist , opposes reunification with china but ran on a platform touting the economic benefits of better relations with china ."
"he was shot outside a pub by a hooded youth on a bicycle , according to media reports ."
"tournaments off the schedule include the adt championship , which starts on thursday and closes this year s schedule ."
"but this is so cool , it doesn t bother me , he said ."
"pyongyang s list included television sets , blackboards , desks and chairs , according to the korea times ."
the film also features celebrity guest stars like sean penn and bruce willis mercilessly sending themselves up
her case proves how resourceful bacteria have become .
"we are in shock beyond description , said cho byung je , a ministry official handling north american affairs ."
"meanwhile , in an effort to defuse the latest flare up in tensions , israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas will meet next week , olmert s office said in a statement released tuesday ."
"according to the ohio department of education , the student s family has filed a lawsuit ."
she also suspects that this sensitivity might stretch beyond food to more abstract things like praise and attention .
"the late heath ledger , who earned critical and mass praise for his performance as the joker in the dark knight , was nominated for supporting actor ."
"ads for the movie , based on the popular tv series , were to go up elsewhere in israel on tuesday night , said an official at maximedia , the outdoor ad company ."
"zimbabwe s state newspaper , the sunday mail , reported that the ruling party has asked the electoral commission to recount the presidential ballots because of an overarching and unpleasant case of misposting of votes ."
the midwest is bitter cold
"last year , the utility company luminant installed a pilot version of the system at its big brown steam electric station in fairfield , texas ."
"asked to intervene , the government said it was unable to stop the broadcast , regardless of how distasteful and even unethical it might be ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"after web strangers contributed more than 13 , 000 to her cause , according to her web site ."
"suicide bombers have set off a wave of blasts in iraq , killing at least 71 people and injuring more than 100 in the bloodiest day since february ."
"some residents , populated largely by immigrants and their french born children , accused police of fleeing the crash scene ."
"speaking at a security forum in seoul , song said the government is in the process of coordinating its position on the matter among different ministries and with other relevant nations , including the united states ."
the film stars british comedian sacha baron cohen as a spoof reporter on a trip to the us .
"although the line seems to have suffered damages or mutations , we are sure that it was established through cloning , and tests prove this , he told the korea times ."
he said the government will focus on seeking ways of helping society accept foreigners as its members so that they can contribute fully to society .
"tsvangirai said he could easily get a non zimbabwean passport , but that will mean i may not be able to come back into the country ."
but he needs to get to a point where he s comfortable .
"the following year , kamal yanni came to england to do a clinical attachment ."
just make yourself comfortable and enjoy the scenery .
"dear users , please note pakistan electronic media regulatory authority pemra temporarily suspended transmission of independent news tv channels till further instructions ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
only a few hundred residents have moved into shelters and many tourists ignored earlier warnings to fly home .
"police would also be given powers to close and seal premises suspected of being used for sexual exploitation , such as brothels , which the government said will prevent further exploitation and abuse from taking place ."
"the israeli military confirmed it carried out the airstrikes in northern gaza , but offered no details ."
the bank s key rate hit its recent peak of 5 . 75 percent in july and stayed there until december .
south korean foreign minister ban ki moon has criticized a recent visit by japan s prime minister to the controversial yasukuni war shrine .
some of the biggest names in global finance say they have lost hundreds of millions of dollars in an alleged 50 billion pyramid scheme that led to the arrest of a new york financier last week .
"a statement from the new south wales fair trading department said the product was supposed to use a nontoxic compound used in glue , but it contained the harmful chemical instead ."
"alongside the couple , archaeologists found flint tools , including arrowheads and a knife , menotti said ."
the government denied sunday the report that afghan security forces and international troops launched an operation to rescue 23 koreans held hostage by taliban militants .
the uci can confirm that lance armstrong has and will be the subject of very strict monitoring throughout the period running up to his return to the peloton .
desperate for money for music lessons ?
"the brazilian government foundation , known as funai , said thursday the indians were sighted in an ethno environmental protected area along the envira river in flights over remote acre state ."
"though the tribe has subsistence fishing rights to kill whales , oswell said preliminary information indicates the whale may have been shot illegally ."
"the 31 year old , who succeeded jens lehmann as his country s first choice goalkeeper after euro 2008 , broke the scaphoid bone in his hand on wednesday afternoon and the injury was confirmed on thursday ."
"hit by a stronger won and higher prices of raw materials , the country s manufacturing sector shrank 0 . 9 percent in the first quarter , the first negative growth since the first quarter of 2003 ."
"da costa , an ex policeman , allegedly shot president jose ramos horta outside his home on february 11 , two military sources told the associated press , citing several witness accounts ."
"attendees here remained curious about what news apple will announce at tuesday morning s keynote , scheduled to be delivered by apple vice president philip schiller ."
"funds distributed by the department of justice are too often earmarked according to their value to the re election of members of congress instead of their value to police , mccain said at the national sheriffs association s 68th annual conference in indianapolis , indiana ."
"nick is currently at the hospital with john and his family , said bollea s mother , linda hogan , in a statement . his sole concern is for the well being of his friend ."
the malaysian government has said it hopes to obtain a full time pair of northern irish sniffer dogs trained to seek out counterfeit dvds and cds .
"quiet cobbled streets outside , exposed beam ceilings inside accompanied by the smell from wood burning pizza ovens and the chime of church bells ."
she was one of the first back after katrina and said her neighborhood had been a lonely place for too long .
"five students and a coach from d . s . senanayake college , a prestigious grade school in colombo , were killed ."
what was once dangerous hurricane paloma is now a tropical storm that s not destined to last much longer .
"marcelino de jesus martinez , 36 , of greenfield , california , was arrested monday and booked into the monterey county jail , greenfield police said in a statement ."
now economists are concluding that even 6 percent economic growth may be impossible to achieve .
"a man who was angry at his girlfriend used a lighter and toilet paper to set the fire at a lodging house in jamsil which killed eight people and injured 12 , police announced yesterday ."
"almost as many of clinton s west virginia supporters would vote for mccain as would for obama , the polls show ."
cnn twenty members of the polish air force returning from a flight safety conference have been killed when a transport plane crashed in the northwest of the country .
bonhams and butterfields auction house spokeswoman margaret barrett said lennon had apparently had one too many when he got behind the mic in the 1973 recording session .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"we believe it s possible the executors of the attack were iranian or iranian trained , the u . s . official said ."
"we ve already asked historians at several research organizations , including the northeast history foundation , to study the chinese publications , he said at a weekly press briefing in seoul ."
"it also seeks to abolish the information agency , the architect of the controversial plan ."
"tech international , the part s johnstown , ohio based distributor , estimates that just 8 , 600 of roughly 6 million of those valves are defective ."
the r 1 and other rehabilitated subway cars from the 1930s to the 1970s are making the rounds from manhattan s lower east side to the borough of queens along the v line .
"when caught in the central province of hubei , heng apologized for mistreating workers but denied blame for the death of the mentally impaired man , a hubei newspaper reported . i felt it was a fairly small thing , just hitting and swearing at the workers"
"state democratic party officials say that final results from tuesday s caucuses won t be certified until county level conventions convene on march 29 , but that they expect to release their last batch of unofficial results thursday evening ."
"the us , for its part , plans to withdraw a third of its troops from south korea by the end of 2008 ."
the arrests were made in a joint operation with german authorities .
the conflict in the democratic republic of congo began after the rebel forces of laurent kabila drove former dictator mobutu sese seko from power in 1997 .
"yes , the old contract between company and employee is dead ."
"we often disagree , but i respect their motives . now is a time for unity , and mr . president elect , i will do everything in my power to help you stitch together the frayed fabric of our politics , and help summon americans of both parties to unite in common purpose , he said ."
flying with the flu ?
draft likely to be reduced
"the korea times reports many koreans have overused dollars overseas , by passing foreign exchange laws , while domestic consumer spending remains sluggish ."
"last may , the agency tested 2 , 000 people between the ages of 10 and 40 using a special internet addiction diagnostic test ."
the ap s rebecca santana on gaza s southern border reports some wounded are being evacuated to egypt
the mission will make south korea the world s 35th country and asia s sixth to send an astronaut into space .
the history making runs by sarah palin and hillary clinton also make the list at numbers 7 and 9 .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2811918
"people waiting on the sidewalks on sunday gave bush a rapturous welcome , shaking hands with him , grabbing him by the arms and wrists , reaching out to embrace him and even ruffling his hair ."
"scientists maintain that the robots , which are used to operating at low power levels , are not in danger ."
"on the down side , heavy equipment maker caterpillar is offering buyouts to 25 , 000 workers in the us , and wireless provider sprint nextel is cutting 8 , 000 jobs ."
the area is sparsely populated .
grand national party gnp nominee lee myung bak monday again denied allegations of being involved in stock price manipulation in collaboration with his former business partner kim kyung joon .
"michael david , who had been staying at an ellsworth motel , sold four 10 milligram methadone pills for 15 each last week , police chief john deleo said ."
the documents show the brothels were rushed into operation as american forces poured into japan beginning in august 1945 .
"the chicago race was run in record temperatures , topping the mark of 84 degrees in 1979 ."
"a committee of the influential physicians group had proposed video game addiction be listed as a mental disorder in the american diagnostic and statistic manual of mental disorders , a guide used by the american psychiatric association in diagnosing mental illness ."
"exports , blocking roads and emptying supermarket shelves ."
the 17 year old hotz said he will be sending the three new iphones to the three online collaborators who helped him divorce apple inc s popular product from at t s network .
"after the three nation trip , he will visit washington for a meeting with u . s . 16 , he will stop over in san francisco ."
"the americans will soon be departing , god permitting , and won t keep defending them forever ."
a 100 yard interception return by steelers linebacker james harrison at the end of the first half .
"an 80 year old man called me the other day , offering to come up to seoul just to bow before me ."
"after her original conviction on manslaughter charges in a state court in frankfurt an der oder , on the polish border , she was given the maximum 15 year prison sentence ."
"it s the disney difference , says the ship s youth activities manager , shannon quinn , who oversees a multilingual staff of more than 50 counselors , all of whom come aboard with substantial experience working with children ."
us president george w bush and french president nicolas sarkozy have said they will work jointly to convince iran to give up its nuclear program .
though the report did not give a reason for cheung s apparent suicide and the company declined to discuss the matter lee der was under pressure in a global controversy over the safety of chinese made products .
"gul took his oath at a ceremony in parliament , pledging loyalty to democracy and to the secular republic ."
and al qaeda s deputy leader tried to woo hamas into an alliance and called on muslims to attack american and israeli interests in support of the group .
"among standout losers , volvo fell 6 . 4 percent ahead of the truck maker s earnings due on may 11 , which are expected to focus on a sharp fall in sales in its key north american market ."
"beirut , lebanon cnn a member of the lebanese parliament died in a beirut bomb blast wednesday the latest anti syrian politician to be killed in the country ."
"beijing , china cnn european companies believe china is trying to avoid fully carrying out its free trade pledges , according to a survey released thursday ahead of a visit by european union leaders for talks on trade , currency and other disputes ."
"japan and other countries , including the united states , have strongly protested beijing s anti satellite test ."
"it also focuses on how the society actually worked , with rooms dedicated to the lives both of the ruling elite and the ordinary citizens and how spirituality was expressed in art ."
there was plenty of new technology on display at the show .
"there was no official word on injuries , but dozens of rescue vehicles were there ."
"despite a forecast calling for rain right at launch time , the weather ended up cooperating ."
prince harry spent three months in afghanistan earlier this year .
"the president in a video that s up on the website nearly 12 , 000 people already have suggested questions ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"controversial indonesian cleric abu bakar ba asyir was asked to stay away on security grounds , while three national leaders cancelled at the last minute ."
the car being used in the latest james bond film plunged into a lake in northern italy while being driven to the set .
but he later appeared to take a different stance and denied the reports .
the dow is up just a few points .
an anti war protest outside the british embassy in bahrain spilled over into clashes with police for a second day .
cheney said the ultimate goal of the iranian leadership is to establish itself as the hegemonic force in the middle east and undermine a free shiite majority iraq as a rival for influence in the muslim world .
"while cholla was not eligible to win any cash prizes , he obtained a special mention , del favero said ."
both japan and the us have rejected pyongyang s demand for a reactor .
powerful earthquakes hit asia .
turkey s secularism is enshrined in the constitution and fiercely guarded by
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
brad pitt plays rewarding role in katrina recovery
"political observers say goh will focus on civic activities for the time being , trying to establish his image ahead of the 2007 presidential election ."
"cnn a lufthansa flight en route to new york diverted to shannon airport in ireland after a 2 year old girl died on the flight , irish and airline officials said ."
"paris hilton won t appeal the 45 day jail term she was sentenced to earlier this month for violating probation , according to court documents filed thursday ."
"a luscious poster of the louisiana food lovers pyramid , with pecan pie at the top and , along the bottom , gator , crayfish , oysters , and crabs ."
"mugabe , who remains defiant despite sanctions imposed by western powers and criticism that his policies are to blame for the crisis , is taking new steps aimed at tightening his grip before seeking another five year term in next year s elections ."
"i have no control over them , he said of arthur and her attorneys ."
"the deadliest storm to hit the china coast in recent years was typhoon winnie in 1997 , which killed 236 people ."
"british troops could be called in to help , but it would be coordinated through the office of prime minister nuri al maliki in baghdad , he said ."
"her funeral was held monday at truro cathedral , visick said thursday ."
"the u . s . state department has also warned people traveling to thailand to exercise caution , especially in locations where westerners congregate ."
"before entering the office building , he said , i m sorry to the people ."
gambari arrived in burma on saturday for his second visit since protests in september were brutally suppressed .
"spending on rebuilding disaster areas , such as sichuan province where 70 , 000 people were killed and millions left homeless by a massive earthquake in may , will also be sped up ."
"but ronaldinho , who came on with his team losing 2 0 with 16 minutes to go , drove a trademark free kick into the top corner of the net ."
it was not a vintage united display but fulham rarely threatened to pick up their first away win in the premiership since september 2006 .
but it probably will take a more efficient and cooperative effort .
"an electric fault could have caused an overnight fire at the government building in downtown seoul , which was put out within half an hour without causing any casualties , investigators said thursday ."
"the research from the royal society for the protection of birds indicates bad news for the tristan albatross , whose only home is gough island in the middle of the south atlantic ."
"six elephants that escaped from seoul children s grand park may have been overworked and suffering from stress , say people who saw the animals before their breakout ."
more than twice the size of new york s island of manhattan broke free from an antarctic glacier in the ross sea .
abortion is illegal .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
gamba will also call on their brazilian strikers roni who represented brazil at a confederations cup and lucas who played in his nation s olympic team to add some experience and try to create pressure on goal .
"barbara s intuition told her the doctor wasn t giving her daughter the right treatment , but she just couldn t tell him ."
mccann predicts that in the next 10 years clothes will have all kinds of in built functionality .
"the government appealed for help from abroad , and 19 countries were sending planes , helicopters and firefighters , including france , which dispatched four water tanker planes and russia , which was sending three helicopters and an amphibian plane ."
"the protests were linked to local government moves to intensify family planning policies , villagers said ."
one million free text messages will be sent every day for 12 months from monday in south africa in a bid to raise hiv awareness and encourage testing for the disease .
"the aquarium is the only outside asia to house the whale sharks , and the only in the world to offer tourists a chance to dive with the creatures ."
"eastern europe has had the highest piracy rate each year , with 63 percent of its software illegally copied in 2000 ."
what keeps them from toppling over ?
"moscow will also refuse to issue new visas to british government officials , and suspend dialogue with london on counterterrorism measures , kamynin said . the expelled british diplomats , who were not identified , must leave russia within 10 days , the spokesman said ."
"tarno , 31 , said he s looking forward to games like crysis and has been impressed with the video clips he s already seen ."
"after consultation with the information communication ethics committee we closed five communities , which claimed japan s sovereignty over tokto , a daum spokesperson said ."
turkey on thursday recalled its ambassador to the united states and warned of repercussions in the growing dispute .
and malcolm mcdowell as tv show villain dr . calico .
police and other afghan security officials are commonly targeted by insurgents because they are seen as tools of the u . s . backed government of president hamid karzai .
"but senior administration officials acknowledged their goal is not solely to get china s attention but also to show congress they are getting tough on the trade front , where u . s . jobs are shaping up as a major issue ."
the alaska governor made the remarks at a fundraising event in north carolina last week .
the other oscar nominations went to clint eastwood for the world war ii epic letters from iwo jima and paul greengrass for the september 11 docudrama united 93 .
"produced by uk firm cutecircuit , the m dress works with a standard sim card ."
"in addition to its live stadium rallies , there are battlecry shirts and hats , books ."
"blagojevich up until this point has boycotted the trial , going on a media tour in new york , doing a slew of tv interviews instead , but yesterday they announced during the trial that the governor wanted to come down and make his own closing statement ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
barack obama s two daughters had another reason to high five their dad s election to the presidency tuesday night they re getting a puppy .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"adapted from the hong kong crime thriller infernal affairs , the departed stars leonardo dicaprio as a cop who s undercover in a boston crime outfit , matt damon as a mob mole who has infiltrated the police , and jack nicholson as the merciless gang leader pulling everyone s strings ."
the second o is critical .
"this is the first time i ve investigated a case in which a prosecutor forced a witness to lie , said the official , kim tae hyeon ."
"the number of coalition military deaths in the war in iraq has reached 4 , 000 ."
"korea ranked 47th in the public sector , down from 38th a year earlier , the report showed ."
"the amount far outpaces the 35 million his rival for the democratic presidential nomination , sen . hillary clinton , raised over the same period ."
"wood , who has handled a number of high profile cases including representing the family of slain child beauty queen jonbenet ramsey made the announcement in a statement released monday ."
"airlines canceled more than 400 flights at the new york area s three major airports , said steve coleman , a spokesman for the port authority of new york and new jersey ."
"the new bill gives the government the right to intercept , without warrants , communications between foreigners that are routed through equipment in the us , provided that foreign intelligence information is at stake ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
that s small potatoes compared with some celebrations .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
police officers tried to keep order .
"according to syco music , il divo s uk based label , the quartet has sold more than 22 million albums worldwide ."
he added it was unclear who the package was addressed to because of the extent of the damage .
bartz is taking over an embattled yahoo .
the previous five such events raised more than 50 million .
"it is one of the revolutionary steps in sexual health , said dr . ira sharlip , spokesman for the american urological association . it ranks with the changes in cultural attitudes about sexuality that were started by sigmund freud , continued by william masters and virginia johnson , the two researchers in the 60s , and the work that alfred kinsey did in the 40s ."
somchai had to fly into chiang mai upon his return from last week s asia pacific economic cooperation summit in peru because of the disturbances at the suvarnabhumi and don muang airports .
"if . . . they re not going to offer anything of any value , then i might just take it , he said in one conversation ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"his infant son has been taken away in an ambulance and a former police officer , who allegedly abducted three people in south carolina saturday , has been hauled off in a police car ."
"twenty one people who are not students were arrested recently on a variety of drug charges , officials said ."
china s general administration of quality supervision inspection and quarantine posted on its web site the names of the affected korean food products .
"but he said , if we were to lose that capability , the enemy would come back ."
the blue house said yesterday that president roh moo hyun had quickly agreed to forward to the national assembly the names of five nominees to fill seats on the supreme court that will be vacant in july .
"when contacted , the ftc confirmed that the iron fisted regulator is scrutinizing qualcomm korea but refused to elaborate ."
dollar mixed in light trading
entertainment tv shows and web sites reported friday that she had gone in and out of rehab that week .
"cnn the united states officially recognized kosovo the balkan province which split from serbia on sunday as an independent nation on monday , secretary of state condoleezza rice said in a written statement ."
"steve jobs , the father of the ipod , was crowned tuesday as the undisputed king of the online music revolution by u . s . music magazine blender , topping a list of the 25 most influential people in web music ."
and hong kong and singapore are easing in that direction under a more voluntary process .
real estate power broker dead of apparent suicide
"the spokeswoman , amelia soares , told the bbc that no one was injured and that the miners have access to water ."
"his family s native mauritius and the french city of nice , where he grew up , the magazine said ."
"the top republican on the ways and means committee , which developed the tax proposals , he cited statistics that show that oil companies already pay more taxes than many other industries ."
"since being admitted he has been undergoing tests and on friday , a statement by the hospital revealed ballesteros had suffered a partial epileptic fit but said he had left intensive care and was in a stable condition ."
al zaidi was dragged away .
"it s an easy working relationship and a really nice friendship , so it works out ."
"at the same time , housing prices have plunged and s p 500 has plummeted more than 40 ."
"the giant keck telescope he is using , on the summit of hawaii s mauna kea volcano , is sending images straight to a digital camera , to be analyzed by a computer ."
"enchautegui was shot in the chest by armento when he interrupted the alleged robbery , but managed to shoot both suspects multiple times before dying ."
there were disruptive protests as the relay passed through europe .
"flight og 269 had flown to phuket on sunday from the thai capital , bangkok ."
government officials were taking precautions .
"brown said laurean , a 21 year old from nevada , is believed to have left the marine base about 4 a . m . friday , driving a black dodge pickup with north carolina license plate trr 1522 ."
"an fbi spokesman is telling us that the birmingham mayor in alabama , larry langford , has now been arrested on undisclosed federal charges ."
living in a cage in hong kong
the organisations named nasir al tijani as the militia leader and demanded action from sudan s government .
"he and his wife , elizabeth , reported 29 . 5 million in assets , including millions invested in the hedge fund the fortress investment group ."
"rooms are tiny , and the staff can be difficult , especially if you need to make a special request or require help arranging anything extra ."
"the who said that 2 , 116 cases of cholera have been confirmed across the country , and that more than 30 , 000 people have been sickened by acute watery diarrhea ."
after an international team failed to find a single dolphin on a six week expedition last year the species was classified as critically endangered and possibly extinct .
oxford scientists have discovered that a crow called betty is no bird brain .
"authorities frequently blame the disasters on criminal gangs who break into the pipelines to siphon fuel for sale , attracting crowds of people who come in their wake to scavenge for fuel ."
"take avocados and peanuts , for example ."
"the 6 , 253 ton chemical tanker golden nori was seized off africa six weeks ago"
"we ll work through something we can all live with , bush said in a rose garden news conference with outgoing british prime minister tony blair ."
many taiwanese are reluctant to euthanize dogs because it violates their buddhist beliefs .
"the tsunami was triggered by a magnitude 8 . 0 quake that struck shortly after 7 39 a . m . monday six miles beneath the sea floor , about 25 miles from the western island of gizo and 215 miles northwest of the solomons capital , honiara , the u . s . geological survey said ."
"the delay occurred because the judgment , which ran to 4 , 340 pages , needed to be issued to all 100 people convicted in the case ."
the south korean government is alarmed by signs the north is pushing ahead with its nuclear weapons program .
"home hope kucera , 24 , was searching for his second super g win in lake louise in three years , but finished over half a second behind maier ."
"the north is demanding that the united states show an attitude of lifting the financial sanctions and not expanding them so as to create an atmosphere for entering into discussions on denuclearization commitments in a 2005 accord , said the report posted on the paper s web site seen in seoul ."
"and obama has selected california rep . hilda solis to serve as secretary of labor , a washington based labor official for a major union told cnn ."
pakistan s government says the offensive against taliban insurgents will continue .
"coming out , lookin for any hot spots"
a big crisis of mbc .
"if the average consumer price level in the u . s . is put at 100 , that of products sold in south korea is 95 as of the end of december last year , the national statistical office nso said , citing data from the organization for economic cooperation and development oecd ."
"we are going to support and help with all that is correct for guatemala , but we are also going to be disposed to be critical ."
"but by then the ship s entire crew , and 91 passengers from more than a dozen nations including 23 britons , 17 dutch , 13 americans , 10 canadians and 10 australians had been evacuated , according to the tour operator ."
"as for south korea u . s . relations , an overwhelming 87 . 1 percent complained about an unequal power relationship between the two traditional allies ."
"the egyptian team is still digging and is two weeks from entering the burial chamber inside the pyramid , where hawass hopes they will find proof of its owner"
"without removal of the mice , both the albatross and the bunting that live there are doomed to extinction , grahame madge , a conservation spokesman for the rspb , told cnn ."
"after about a minute , the person returns to the bike and rides away ."
draft likely to be reduced
peter morici at the university of maryland says that s because it has fundamental problems that are not self correcting .
"blackwater contractors are part of the estimated 25 , 000 plus employees of private security firms who are working in iraq , guarding diplomats , reconstruction workers and government officials ."
"beckham , hampered by an injured left ankle for the last two months , had made only two fleeting appearances for the galaxy since joining them last month ."
"the program , which will run at midnight , could reach about 800 , 000 people in venezuela ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"it s tough to drag the kids away from a resort like this , but there s so much for families to see and do in and around the seven towns that make up the palm springs desert resorts www . palmspringsusa . com ."
"to that end , it has set up special economic zones , where companies get tax breaks to set up business and factories ."
"madrid , spain cnn a bomb wounded a local politician s bodyguard in the northern city of bilbao on tuesday , in an attack a senior interior ministry official blamed on the basque separatist group eta ."
"indonesia has not shared any bird flu samples since last december , arguing that the pharmaceutical companies that could develop vaccines would make them too expensive for its population ."
"as the procession starts , they light candles from torches lit by an eternal flame at the grave ."
"it goes to a reputable court , and they throw it out , he said on the tv show ."
"in the district of columbia , obama was leading clinton 76 24 percent , and mccain was leading huckabee 67 17 percent , with about 90 percent of precincts reporting ."
"the chosun ilbo reports that in the future , when suspects are arrested , the families of those arrested will be notified immediately , who then will be allowed to watch the investigation process ."
many more football clubs soon sprung up and by 1862 there were said to be 15 in and around the sheffield area .
she also asked people to go to her web site to share your thoughts with me and help in any way that you can .
"according to news reports , somali soldiers killed at least two people monday during the protests over rising food prices ."
"don t forget the kids there s plenty for them downtown , too ."
a new audiotape of al zawahiri aired to resist the u . s allies .
"das insisted he is looking after the best interests of the boy , whose father died when he was seven months old ."
un secretary general kofi annan said he was shocked at the apparently deliberate targeting of the post .
louis city alderman wants people to arm themselves to protect their lives and property .
"before the officer could answer , a different officer cut him off , davis said ."
allstate recommends that drivers complete at least 10 hours of training .
his party holds 341 of the 550 seats in parliament .
"i really didn t expect this , added hoy , who received a standing ovation after he came to the stage to collect his award from sir steven redgrave and american athletics legend michael johnson ."
"the actress has three other children , chris , izabella gabrielle and katya ariel ."
"a travel ban was dropped from the initial resolution because of moscow s opposition , so tough negotiations are expected ."
cruise ship accidents remain one of the biggest threats to the environment .
"britain contributed about 46 , 000 troops , sailors and air force personnel to the u . s . led invasion of iraq in march 2003 ."
brown will take over when tony blair resigns on june 27 after his only potential party rival a left winger whose challenge was always viewed as a token effort failed to win enough support from parliamentarians to get on the ballot paper .
"cnn the economy , your location , industry trends even the hiring manager s mood can influence whether or not you get a job ."
and has hosted an average 250 post oprah show shoppers and curious winfrey fans a day .
"nasa doctors and scientists , with help from outside bioethicists and medical experts , hope to answer many of these questions over the next several years ."
blackwater resumed its normal operations of providing security to u . s . civilian authorities in iraq on friday after a hiatus sparked by concerns among iraqi and u . s . government officials over last weekend s shootings .
"and larry lindsey , the white house s top economic adviser , in a dramatic shakeup of the bush administration s team charged with reviving the nation s troubled economy ."
"and for people out of luck on powerball , there is another giant lottery jackpot out there ."
off the record stops or otrs have been common .
"but the mayor is now 16 years old , and nearing his end ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"when she started writing erotic fiction in her spare time and e mailing it to friends and online acquaintances , it made sense to keep calling herself zane after all , she couldn t be sure who was reading her work ."
"four firefighters and four civilians were hurt in the southeastern part of san diego county , said roxanne provaznik , spokeswoman for the california department of forestry and fire protection ."
speerstra said the snake was about 10 inches long and appeared to be a juvenile .
try being a college student these days .
"critics of beijing s trade record say its currency controls are partly to blame for the gap . they say china keeps its yuan undervalued , giving exporters an unfair price advantage ."
"mccain has gathered 514 delegates so far in his presidential campaign , including tonight s projections ."
"despite the fact that the sea takes up 95 percent of the world s living space , just 7 percent of it has been properly studied and sampled , according to the united nations environment program unep ."
david beckham was dressed in a black jacket and jeans .
"roizen , who is the author of realage"
"a report issued tuesday by unicef , the united nations children organization , found such stories are not uncommon ."
a lot of people apparently still haven t made up their minds about the presidential election .
"dili , east timor cnn the man who allegedly shot and critically wounded east timor s president last month was in custody sunday after surrendering to police , military officials said ."
it is an issue with morality .
"india s central bureau of investigation arrested jeevan rawat , who is being accused of assisting his brother amit kumar in a kidney buying , selling and stealing scheme ."
"the korean bar association kba has opposed a bill designed to severely punish spouses committing marital rape , claiming that it may accelerate the breakdown of the family if legislated ."
lee played the round of golf on a national holiday on 1 march .
"o paulo on thursday , the city s second high profile art theft in less than a year ."
clinton is banking on tuesday s primaries to break the obama s 11 contest winning streak .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"hundreds of thousands protested , and the president s cabinet offered to resign last week ."
"according to the kbs poll , lee enjoyed a 37 . 3 percent support rate ."
"the intruders included men , women and children ."
"john mccain , r arizona , a presidential hopeful , said that we are starting to turn things around in the iraq war and that a timeline for withdrawal would embolden the terrorists in iraq and elsewhere . watch mccain assess iraq s future"
the race for the democratic party u . s . presidential nomination has taken a fresh turn after hillary clinton re ignited her white house bid with a decisive win over frontrunner barack obama in pennsylvania .
"but more than 100 rangers have returned , park spokeswoman samantha newport told cnn last week ."
hawking had canceled an appearance at arizona state university on april 6 because of his illness .
"collins didn t immediately name the person killed in the strike , but mohammad wali , a musa qala resident , said the airstrike killed a taliban leader named mullah abdul gafoor and some of his associates while they were riding in a truck through a small village just outside musa qala ."
but he acknowledged that a lot has to be done to prepare .
"the latest wave of fighting flared on thursday after more than a week of relative quiet between the lebanese army and fatah al islam , a militant group said to be affiliated with al qaeda that is holed up inside the camp ."
"the california supreme court on thursday voided the nearly 4 , 000 same sex marriages sanctioned in san francisco this year and ruled unanimously that the mayor overstepped his authority by issuing licenses to gay and lesbian couples ."
"commenting on the board s response to his offer , thaksin said in a statement we share a determination to take the club back to its rightful place at the highest level of competition in both the fa premier league and european football ."
a six limbed creature that they have dubbed hexapus .
"but the national press club of australia , which hosted the debate and provided channel nine s feed , denied that it was reacting to pressure from howard in imposing a ban on the worm graphic ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"in asia stocks swung heavily thursday , with hong kong s hang seng falling sharply by 758 . 72 points or 3 . 47 percent to 21 , 108 ."
"san diego , california cnn more than a half million people had been ordered from san diego county homes tuesday as wildfires rage from the mexican border to north of los angeles ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"individuals have been convicted of genocide in bosnia . the bosnian muslim leader expressed disappointment at the ruling , which was welcomed both in serbia and the bosnian serb republic ."
"the plane had been on a routine flight from the taiwanese capital , taipei , to the southern japanese island of okinawa , carrying 157 passengers and eight crew ."
"the result is that most people end up buying high and selling low , and that s not how you make money in the stock market ."
"washington cnn a house committee chairman on thursday denounced the bush administration s planned sale of oil drilling rights in a prime polar bear habitat in alaska , saying its impact on the bear population is unknown ."
"the paris conference focuses on short term priorities for the palestinians , and french president nicolas sarkozy said those include providing immediate support for the palestinian people particularly those living in gaza and stabilizing the palestinian economy ."
a freeze frame from the web cam shows an image of a nuclear explosion .
"president kibaki , of course , recognizes that there is a serious problem in his country , michel said . he is very concerned about that . there is a need for dialogue , cooling down and trying to get peaceful solutions ."
she helped plant a tree in the garden outside the flight center to commemorate her visit .
"illinois department of transportation spokesman mike claffey said 1 , 000 trucks were out clearing snow sunday ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
but does not consider homosexuality itself to be one .
"boys are larger than girls , and multiples , boys and girls , are smaller than average ."
"most reports of the kidnap say mr kim s death was averted by the timely arrival of a us plane , which over flew the boat and scared the abductors ."
"iris chang , who was 36 , published the rape of nanking , a graphic account of the 1937 japanese army invasion of china ."
sen . hillary clinton s aides blasted sen . barack obama s campaign monday after a major obama supporter referenced the blue dress at the heart of former president bill clinton s impeachment scandal .
but not just for his own amusement .
"cnn a man wanted in the videotaped sexual assault of a 3 year old girl has been arrested , according to police in nevada ."
"despite setting a new price record of 79 . 89 wednesday , oil is still well below inflation adjusted highs above 101 a barrel hit in early 1980 ."
the announcement was made last month from washington that pending changes to an article of the uniform code of military justice will wipe out the grey areas defining penalties for buying sex and allow military courts to kick people out of the military for doing so .
"here , they dream up refined but not fussy 10 course tasting menus composed of heirloom produce from their farm ."
"is north korea trying to arm itself with nuclear bombs , or is it just trying to raise the stakes before crucial talks with u . s . negotiators ?"
"former president carter met with senior hamas officials in the egyptian capital thursday , rankling the israeli and u . s . governments , which say it runs counter to their policies of not negotiating with terrorists ."
"i think that anybody who cares about greater peace and stability in the world knows that a lasting and enduring resolution of the israeli palestinian issue is essential , blair said ."
"the carrier has 70 aircraft , a fleet of supporting warships and more than 5 , 000 sailors and marines ."
"the president elect agrees with illinois lt . gov . pat quinn and many others that under the current circumstances it is difficult for the governor to effectively do his job and serve the people of illinois , obama spokesman robert gibbs said ."
he used to eat a 12 ounce bag of doritos while watching television .
chirac asked .
it also says he lives on chicago s south side .
"neighboring australia and new zealand , which have peacekeeping troops in the troubled country , congratulated the 57 year old on his victory in the poll , which observers have said was peaceful and fair ."
"in an article posted on its web site wednesday night , the new york times said the monday interview was tape recorded and on the record ."
flying with the flu ?
"according to the poll of 800 koreans done last week by research and research , a survey company , 37 . 1 percent of respondents said they feel japan is the greatest threat to korea ."
"air , which estimates the total property value in the area is about 215 billion , said the insurance market is still developing in china ."
"united , missing six first team regulars , made a superb start when milan goalkeeper dida could only parry a cristiano ronaldo header into his own net after five minutes ."
"the fires have killed three people , injured 40 and burned 1 , 500 homes , causing an estimated 1 billion dollars in damage ."
"he popped enough balloons to set the craft down , although he suffered rope burns ."
"while gov . blagojevich is entitled to his day in court , the people of illinois are entitled to a functioning government and major decisions free of taint and controversy ."
"he said the boy had been attacked on saturday after entering a bush for a toilet stop in a fishing village in the national park on komodo , an island 1 , 500 km 930 miles east of the capital jakarta ."
men are five to six times more likely to have a heart attack than women right up to the age of menopause .
theme music from hill street blues
"shortly before the flame arrived in canberra , police arrested a man and a woman who were trying to unfurl a banner on sydney s harbour bridge ."
"although energy prices are down for the 2nd month in a row , food costs have posted their biggest increase in more than a year ."
even the moderate amounts that help prevent heart disease
edwards is in third place in the poll at 22 percent .
"banks and other entities owned or controlled by bank melli pose a serious threat to the integrity of the international financial system , levey said ."
"wellington , florida cnn the owner of a wildlife sanctuary was attacked by two cheetahs saturday and hospitalized with about 40 puncture wounds to her extremities and back , authorities said ."
but two other men smith s former boyfriend larry birkhead and frederic von anhalt also claim to have fathered the infant .
twelve people were also detained in the operation .
"the delullo children were the son and daughter of one of the two survivors , 20 year old elizabeth peterson ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"south korea international park ji sung scored his first goal for manchester united since returning from a knee injury , as the red devils blitzed fulham 3 0 saturday to shave arsenal s premiership lead to one point ."
"lt . lari sevene , a spokeswoman for the el paso county sheriff s department , said the attack took place shortly after 1 p . m . and said possibly two or three people were wounded ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
all of whom have their own pages on the president s web site .
"fallon , the head of u . s . central command , was the subject of a recent esquire magazine profile that portrayed him as resisting pressure for military action against iran , which the bush administration accuses of trying to develop nuclear weapons ."
"according to the american heart association , about 2 , 200 heart transplants were performed in the u . s . in 2006 ."
"for now , the barrages continue ."
neither hamas nor israel has shown any interest in international calls for a truce .
"a cyclone hit the coast of pakistan on tuesday , dumping torrential rain over a thinly populated region days after about 230 people were killed when a storm lashed the country s biggest city , karachi ."
"strict inspections will be in place when south korea resumes importation of u . s . beef , following a public outcry over concerns about mad cow disease ."
"european union transport commissioner antonio tajani said wednesday he approved of the alitalia takeover plan but warned the airline it must pay back a 300 million euro 380 million loan from the italian government , the associated press reported ."
"the european footballer of the year has been constantly linked with a transfer to the bernabeu , speculation which increased following recent claims that real had reached an agreement with united over his eventual sale ."
"later , troops recovered three rebel bodies along with rifles , bombs and detonators ."
"he lost his last three fights , including his last fight on april 7 against joshua clottey in springfield , missouri ."
"i found steven to be a very committed student , extremely respectful of me as an instructor and adviser , said jan carter black , an assistant professor in the university of illinois at urbana champaign s school of social work ."
draft likely to be reduced
goalkeeper peter shilton won 125 caps .
"about 30 sheep being kept at a suburban home were euthanized tuesday after some were found to have serious health problems , authorities said ."
the result is seen by many as a sign of chronic immaturity of the korean political process .
"the inscription , pfann said , is made up of two names inscribed by two different hands"
"she produced nearly two dozen exercise videos and her autobiography , my life so far , was a best seller ."
"two or three officers were sent to resolve the dispute tuesday which involved more than 100 tourists , police spokesman pun siu tong said ."
posing like the virgin mary .
"earlier this month , a judge placed spears under the conservatorship of her father and an attorney after more than a year of increasingly bizarre behavior by the singer ."
pakistani information minister mohammad ali durani told cnn the reports initially from the new york times are ridiculous .
a later survey revealed only 246 chicks had survived to fledgling .
the talks with iraqi prime minister ibrahim jaafari and prime minister jalal talabani came as iraqi politicians are struggling to form a government of national unity .
"that would happen around 2050 , depending on the level of greenhouse gases from the burning of fossil fuels ."
"earlier sunday , militants armed with guns and grenades attacked a group of pilgrims in southern baghdad , killing three people and wounding more than 30 others , officials said ."
the chilean government has declared three days of mourning .
"when fdr first took the oath of office in 1933 , the country was reeling under the crushing weight of the great depression ."
"obama took an overwhelming 91 percent of the black vote in north carolina , according to exit polls , while clinton claimed only 6 percent ."
"it s one of the greatest days of my life . winning this trophy . . . i dreamed about it as a kid , france football quoted ronaldo as saying ."
"the old north church , a beacon for paul revere s famous warning of the movement of british forces , and a symbol of the american revolution , has gone high tech with the installation of light emitting diodes , or leds ."
scientists noted that dogs hate to see their owners being affectionate to other dogs and can suffer if a new baby or partner arrives on the scene .
rail workers appeared to be ceding in the standoff between sarkozy and the unions a symbolic first battle and a crucial test in the president s broad campaign of economic and social change for changing france .
"the tamil tiger rebel group set off a bomb at the entrance of a popular department store in a colombo suburb wednesday evening , killing 17 people and wounding 36 others , the military said ."
"eat plant and animal based protein throughout the day an egg or high protein cereal for breakfast , 10 almonds midmorning , a cup of low sugar yogurt in the afternoon and your stamina should stabilize ."
insurgents tried to break through the u . s . cordon surrounding fallujah on thursday as american forces launched an offensive against concentrations of militants in the south of the city .
"the camera can then image metallic and non metallic objects hidden under clothing on still or moving subjects without revealing any body detail , according to its british manufacturer , thruvision limited ."
"london , england cnn widespread strikes are expected to cripple france s transport network just as rugby fans make their way to paris for this weekend s world cup final ."
it will be several days before all the power is back on in kentucky and other states slammed by a crippling winter storm that is responsible for more than 40 deaths .
"i have been on television for 32 years , she said . i think it s time . i figured if we haven t got it by now , we re not going to get it ."
they ve brought an early end to more than one game .
that s not the way it was supposed to happen .
"fans stormed the yard of a police station near the rome s olympic stadium , hurled stones at passing police cars , and smashed windows at the nearby italian olympic committee headquarters ."
"london , england cnn british twins who had been separated at birth learned they were related only after they had become husband and wife , a senior british lawmaker said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the foreign ministry said yesterday it has found no evidence that north korea is preparing for a nuclear blast test , saying it has neither detected signs , nor received such information from u . s . intelligence authorities ."
"yin noted that in the past two months , some businesses , mainly smaller ones , have been forced to close or suspend production ."
"two iraqi cabinet members warned parliament that if the pending security pact with the u . s . is not passed , the country will face economic trouble brought on by security problems ."
"a russian delegation was also visiting washington on wednesday , he said ."
"gen david petraeus , top us commander in iraq , and us envoy to baghdad ryan crocker both claimed evidence of iranian involvement in attacks on us troops ."
"lone star filed a lawsuit against the city last august , arguing that additional taxes it slapped on its purchase of a 45 story building in 2001 were unreasonable ."
amin has broken the family s vow of silence and says he s writing a book to counter his father s reputation as a brutal buffoon and cruel eccentric .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
but a majority of poll respondents 57 percent said gay and lesbian couples should have the legal right to adopt children .
"the two leaders met on the sidelines of a pacific rim summit in vietnam last year , after abe took office in september ."
"as of the end of 2005 , hyundai together with its affiliate kia formed the world s no . 6 automaker in both production and sales , according to automotive news , a publication that tracks the global vehicle industry ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the jogye order said the chosun ilbo defamed it in its coverage of the scandal involving former art curator and professor shin jeong ah .
"i know it s a very human thing to say is there anything i can do , but in this case i would only entertain offers from very high end experts in brain chemistry ."
"while being scanned , the students looked at a photo of their beloved ."
"the militants have demanded the withdrawal of french forces from afghanistan and the release of jailed taliban by the afghan government , with a deadline of saturday set for a deal ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"starting october 1 , as the city s 13 , 000 taxis come up for inspections they must have the gps equipment along with touch screen monitors that will let passengers pay by credit card , check on news stories and look up restaurant and entertainment information ."
"we are thrilled with this near split in delegates and are grateful to the people of wyoming for their support , clinton s campaign manager , maggie williams , said in a statement ."
"hydroponics are generally used for fast growing , high value crops such as lettuces and tomatoes that can be produced year round in heated , well lit greenhouses ."
ubs shares initially fell nearly 4 percent but rebounded to be down 1 . 6 percent at 52 . 95 61 . 60 francs in zurich .
he will become coach of the dutch team ajax coach next season .
"i can only characterize this as somewhat of a bizarre and unusual violation , said lafave s attorney , john fitzgibbons ."
"in an address to the asia foundation in san francisco , kim suggested that north korea commit itself to a verifiable denuclearization and that the u . s . , at the same time , give security assurances and ease the economic sanctions imposed on the impoverished north ."
"over the past month , the google project s web site received more than 2 . 5 million unique visitors , and its video was watched more than a million times ."
"he returned after three games in last week s champions league defeat to the same side , but was substituted with nine minutes to play ."
they were then packed into a small container truck for a trip to phuket .
"for families with young children , disney s nurseries , flounder s reef , take infants as young as 12 weeks old and toddlers up to 3 ."
"excluding commissions paid to advertising partners , yahoo posted sales of 1 . 33 billion , slightly lower than the 1 . 37 billion in sales that analysts polled by thomson reuters expected on this basis ."
"the movie will be scored by randy newman , who also wrote the music for disney s toy story , a bug s life , toy story 2 , monsters , inc . and cars ."
cho s parents worked in a dry cleaning business .
"what i have found for me is it helps me find the quiet time in the hustle bustle of the day , peek said . i am able to focus ."
officials want the missile to hit the edge of the atmosphere to ensure debris re enters and burns up quickly .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"they named it tsuyoshi , after the popular baseball outfielder tsuyoshi shinjo , and waited until it reached reproductive age ."
authorities said the southern insurgents were not involved in that attack .
"evans , 66 , works at cardiff university in wales ."
"we ve watched the rise of the giant corporation , a development speaking of ironies that was not considered particularly healthy at the time ."
"he has previously claimed it was his fighters that helped bin laden escape a u . s . operation in the mountains of tora bora , then last year pledged allegiance to the al qaeda leader ."
"amazon forest destruction speeding up , officials say"
"itcho ito , who was 61 , was shot at least twice in the back in the centre of the city just before 8pm on tuesday , and died in hospital on wednesday ."
they are attempting to learn about the building and its owner and the circumstances of its destruction .
it has always worked by means of keys .
"al maliki said iraq doesn t want its sovereignty to be violated by any of its neighbors , which include iran , kuwait , jordan , saudi arabia , syria and turkey ."
"the support marks a sharp increase from the early days of the campaign and may be a big factor in south carolina , where as many as half the voters in the democratic primary will be african americans ."
"david beckham and his los angeles galaxy teammates held a workout at the olympic stadium on monday before substantially less than the sellout crowd of 80 , 000 that is expected there for an exhibition match the following night ."
"the fare is versatile , too"
"it was determined that the release of this portion of the spoken words of khalid sheikh mohammed would enable enemies of the united states to use it in a way to recruit or encourage future terrorists or terrorist activities , said pentagon spokesman bryan whitman ."
people magazine reported in august that he was six months old .
so does beijing fear the power of cyberspace ?
"they re reflective of the names here , david r . syiemlieh , professor of history at the north eastern hill university in the capital city of shillong , told cnn on monday ."
the 25 year old was taken to hospital before being transferred to austria for a scan .
"the u . s . federal reserve on wednesday cut a key interest rate for the second time in just over a week , reducing the federal funds rate by a half point ."
a half dozen people have been killed in a series of attacks in iraq .
"hello kitty one of mascot obsessed japan s biggest hits as a toy character is often seen on lunch boxes , jewelry and many other accessories ."
"the governors of connecticut , delaware , maine , maryland , massachusetts , new hampshire , new jersey , new york , pennsylvania , rhode island and vermont agreed to work toward setting up a multistate system of etc , electronic toll collection ."
"rahm emanuel has accepted barack obama s offer to be white house chief of staff , obama said thursday ."
"it s as if they are jet lagged , like they ve just flown into atlanta from san diego , said dr . barbara phillips , a co author in the study . for people who live in atlanta , it might be 8 a . m . for a teenager , it feels like it s 5 o clock in the morning ."
"the debate , sponsored by cnn , the los angeles times and politico . com , took place at the reagan presidential library ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"according to an online survey of 5 , 050 tourists from the united states , japan , china , the united kingdom and six other nations , south korea ranked 10th among 14 asian nations in the category of the most favored places to travel in the near future ."
but that s chump change compared with the growth that analysts expect to see once a new version of the short range wireless technology makes its way into products later this year .
"but as huang yan , the director of the beijing municipal commission of urban planning , sees it , the change is not exclusively related to the olympics ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
former fannie mae ceo jim johnson is heading up the search team and former deputy u . s . attorney general eric holder is also serving on the committee .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"about 1 , 200 residents have left their homes and more evacuations are expected , padilla said ."
"global warming soon will affect everyone s life . . . it s the poor sectors that will be most affected , romero lankao said ."
"telson electronics , one of the big 5 cell phone makers , announced monday it had applied for court mediation to creditors to suspend its debts ."
"that radiate outward from that region , the space agency said ."
anyone who calls it a steroid is grossly misinformed .
"lindy kaiser s job is monitoring it , and to the army s blog , with the goal of reaching and hearing from the public"
"earlier , thomas sobakam , chief of meteorology for the douala airport , said the plane nose dived into the swamp and disintegrated on impact . the plane fell head first ."
philadelphia s wing bowl goes to super squibb !
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"as many as 30 people were herded sunday into a building and burned to death , the red cross said several others were hacked to death by people wielding machetes ."
"still , aides caution they are assuming nothing and leaving nothing to chance ."
"it is one of seven cantonments across nepal where unmin is monitoring the arms and armies of the former maoist rebels , who signed a peace deal with the government more than a year ago ."
her son tried to sell it on ebay but the picture would not upload .
"brisbane , australia cnn an australian woman was killed by a pet camel given to her as a 60th birthday present , police said sunday ."
"garriott , a texan who made a fortune in the video game industry , is the son of former nasa astronaut owen garriott ."
"attempts have been made to sequence their dna from frozen animals , but that can be complicated by contamination ."
another e mail contained a link to a site for a nutritional drink .
"stewart cink , tim clark and camilo villegas all finished in the top 10 and earned enough points to move into the top 30 in the playoff standings and qualify for the tour championship ."
"i apologize to the people , ."
south korean ambassador to the united states hong seok hyun is likely to announce his plans today amid escalating demands for his resignation .
"he cannot go above a first floor or near tall buildings , his mother said . he wakes up most nights , yelling earthquake !"
"honiara , solomon islands ap survivors got their first boatloads of aid in the solomon islands tsunami zone tuesday as more bodies were found amid the rubble triggered by a massive undersea earthquake ."
"miami , florida cnn a woman on a boat died after a spotted eagle ray leaped from the water off the florida keys thursday and struck her , officials said ."
pakistan based afghan islamic press quoted purported taliban spokesman qari yousuf ahmadi as saying that the south korean government was not putting enough efforts to release the taliban prisoners .
"a camera is expected to follow the flame to the peak , if all goes as planned ."
"last year , hutchins and his christian youth group attended an acquire the fire rally in atlanta , georgia , he said ."
draft likely to be reduced
"those 60 years of age and older are expected to make up more than 200 million in the next seven years , according to government figures ."
"north korea has been sending some positive signals to the outside world , which some experts view as a possible policy shift that might lead to a breakthrough in its standoff with the united states , the korea times reports ."
"and besides wearing peace pins , a few celebrities , susan sarandon and tim robbins among them , showed up in fuel efficient gasoline electric hybrid vehicles instead of limousines as a statement against u . s . dependence on overseas oil ."
police spokesman rajan bhagat said 22 protesters had been detained but no charges would be filed against them .
styles gave chelsea a spot kick when florent malouda went down despite minimal contact from liverpool defender steve finnan and frank lampard converted to give the london side a 1 1 draw at anfield .
"usually it starts slowly as kind of a hazy greenish color building up in frequency dancing across the sky . . . and to me that s religion , said photographer dave brosha of yellowknife , northwest territories , who s seen more than 100 canadian auroras . it s just one of the most incredible feelings a person can have"
draft likely to be reduced
"travolta , preston return to florida with son s ashes"
"media reports have said clinton and her campaign have been quietly courting support , chiefly from democratic superdelegates who could decide a close race at the party s convention , by arguing that obama is not electable ."
"the achievement could help scientists study why some species go extinct but others do not , and may even be useful in protecting other animals from extinction ."
"hargreaves , who has previously been troubled by tendonitis in the knee , has yet to play two games in a week after his pound"
but an honest viewer probably would have to admit that she s similar to all of the characters in some way .
"asked whether he personally had pressed king abdullah about the matter , bush responded , i talked to king abdullah about the middle eastern peace . i don t remember if that subject came up ."
"lying in a hospital bed in this rural hub of kenya s rift valley , a man describes surviving two machete wounds to his head and multiple slashes to his hands ."
"but now she s embarked on a new direction , one she says is truer to herself ."
saints row 2 features gang violence and allows players to shoot police officers .
"the laser was fired from a static testbed in a carefully controlled test , but trw officials said they looked forward to producing a truly mobile version as the program progressed ."
"and so the tourist nation , which has white sandy beaches that lure well heed westerners , wants to set aside some of the billion dollars a year it receives from tourism and spend that money on buying a new homeland ."
they were cited for the discovery of the origin of the broken symmetry which predicts the existence of at least three families of quarks in nature .
"intelligence officials say daqduq is one of hezbollah s top special operations commanders , an expert in the use of roadside bombs ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"after days of singular responses , officials the world over were scrambling to get out ahead of growing expectations for more aggressive and coordinated action to prop up banks ."
"second , chinese manufacturers are battling rising labor and material costs at the same time that the yuan s rising value versus the dollar is making chinese exports to the united states and elsewhere more expensive ."
"defeat would not automatically cost abe his job , as it is the lower house which chooses the prime minister , but he may feel compelled to leave ."
"a day after talks with president hu jintao , kim was said to have met tuesday with former president jiang zemin , who remains head of the communist party commission that runs china s military ."
one of the detainees at gitmo is being sent to new york for trial .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"ovelar had 30 percent of the votes before she stepped down as a candidate , and lino oviedo , of the national union of ethical citizens , had 21 percent ."
"she suggests clearing the therapy with a doctor , even before heading out for that massage ."
"brown filed suit against murphy in los angeles superior court on wednesday , seeking to legally establish his paternity and seeking unspecified child support for the 3 month old girl ."
"the iaea report prepared by director mohamed elbaradei showed tehran has instead expanded its enrichment efforts setting up nearly 1 , 000 uranium spinning centrifuges in and above an underground bunker , enriching minute amounts of uranium and bringing nearly 9 tons of the gaseous feedstock into its underground nuclear facility at natanz in preparation for enrichment ."
"up to 100 , 000 people have abandoned the capital in the last two weeks , according to united nations estimates ."
"limit on the number of adopted children per one family , now standing at five , will also be lifted ."
he said the sunshine policy of president kim dae jung has elicited almost nothing in return from north korea .
"the party , which supports ousted former prime minister thaksin shinawatra , announced on monday that three smaller parties would join its administration ."
former president bill clinton announced agreements with drug companies tuesday to lower the price of second line aids drugs for people in the developing world and to make a once a day aids pill available for less than 1 a day .
"with three days to go until the polls , the labor leader remains well ahead of his liberal rival in opinion polls ."
it took norma margeson a few minutes to learn to control the skinny metal robot .
"chae confessed to starting the fire , saying he was upset by a land grievance that led him to start the 2006 fire and by the sentence he was handed in that case , kim said ."
"some 1 , 400 houses were severely damaged in this medieval town located in a long and narrow valley known as the m zab , some 600 kilometers 370 miles from algiers , aps said ."
"the 19 year old ivanovic , seeded seventh , beat former wimbledon champion sharapova in just 65 minutes , sealing victory with an ace on the first match point to become the first player representing serbia to make the final of a grand slam event ."
it s basically an investment strategy .
and what do you know about what happens in that
"the judge appointed a guardian , miami attorney richard milstein , to protect the interests of smith s infant daughter , dannielynn ."
"another name that emerged is larry thompson , a former deputy attorney general who currently serves as vice president and general counsel for pepsico ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"actor geal marini , olympian sean johnson , and the bachelor reject melissa rycroft all compete for the mirror ball trophy next week ."
sen . barack obama slammed president bush on friday for launching exactly the kind of appalling attack that s divided our country and that alienates us from the world .
"but it s always possible that someone else had the same idea it s a simple and obvious idea , after all ."
"the technology behind these improved visuals , called directx 10 , is the result of a collaboration among video game developers , graphics card makers and microsoft ."
"the illinois senator is projected to pick up a big win in virginia , a state that hasn t voted for a democratic president since 1964 ."
"kim , who works at a police station in yongsan said his coming out was involuntary after some fellow policemen read some private information he had saved on his computer ."
"he beat barcelona forward lionel messi into second place , with liverpool striker fernando torres third in the poll , which is organized by france football magazine ."
"bryant thomas , washington ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"but musharraf , influenced in part by u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice , held off on the move ."
"on sunday , a terminal at london s heathrow airport was briefly closed due to a suspect package , the british airports authority reported ."
do your homework . check the price at other stores .
there had been street violence saturday after iraq won its quarterfinal game .
"make it three straight grand slam titles by rafael nadal over roger federer , nadal winning the australian open in five sets over his arch rival ."
"ike skelton , d missouri , chairman of the house armed services committee ."
a chinese satellite has smashed into a villager s house .
"not as pornography or as a crime , but with happiness and caring ."
"japan hopes to discuss global warming , food safety and oil exploration in the east china sea ."
"exxon mobil charts , fortune 500 no . 2 , fueled by high crude prices , was again the most profitable company in the world 39 . 5 billion ."
"london , england cnn a web site that encourages girls as young as seven to give virtual dolls breast implants and put them on crash diets has caused concern among parents and children s activists ."
the fan was infuriated by fandel s decision to award sweden an 89th minute penalty and send off danish midfielder christian poulsen with the score tied at 3 3 after denmark had rallied from 3 0 down .
"ernest doku , from mobile phone comparison web site omio . com , told the british press association despite the popularity of the google brand , the g1 s design lacks the inherent cool factor that made the iphone 3g such a mass market success for apple ."
"pakistani president pervez musharraf removed chaudhry from his post on march 9 , accusing him of misusing his powers to secure a top police job for his son ."
south korea agreed to withdraw its 200 troops from afghanistan as scheduled by the end of the year .
a rough outline of a deal was reached 18 months ago
"national media showed the disgraced youths , handcuffed , heads bowed , and tops undressed to reveal full backside tattoos of dragons , scaled fishes , birds and roses ."
"the group is the brainchild of american idol judge simon cowell , who saw a potential market for an international , popera style act after the soaring success of the andrea bocelli sarah brightman duet time to say goodbye con te partiro ."
both japan and south korea rose to economic power when stable asian allies seemed more important to western politicians than closed asian markets .
owen s exit heralded the introduction of jermain defoe for one of his rare appearances and the tottenham man must now have a good chance of starting next week .
"the plane carried 16 passengers including 12 german tourists , two australians and two nepalis , as well as three crew members ."
"the u . n . organization in charge of palestinian refugees warned the blockade would drastically affect hospitals , sewage treatment and water facilities ."
"the company s board of directors , at its april 8 meeting , reiterated the company s need for substantial financial support , according to a press release ."
the pictures came from a hardline sunni group opposed to coalition forces . it has been cross checked with other images taken at the time of events and is believed to be genuine .
"the rays and red sox continue their american league division series tonight , each of them up one game to none ."
its tentative name is the association for teachers of english in korea and it seeks to become the first ever national organization for contract foreign teachers .
"barrie deas , chief executive of the national federation of fishermen s organizations , said the cost of fuel for fishing boats was making it impossible for many in the industry to keep going ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
she coolly eyed guests as they wandered in and out of the restaurant .
draft likely to be reduced
"the previous oldest woman was maria de jesus , who died this week in portugal at age 115 , guinness world records said ."
"maradona , 48 later this week , will be assisted by carlos bilardo who will fill the post of director of football as argentina bid to clinch qualification for the 2010 world cup finals in south africa ."
the israeli government said any palestinians who need medical treatment would be allowed to cross . much of gaza was in the dark sunday night and monday .
"royal called for voters to rally round her , promising to bring france change without upheaval ."
no executions are scheduled in the next few weeks .
there was broad agreement on keeping the cradle to grave welfare state .
head of the cartel in an interview with the ap says a consensus has formed in the group to make significant cuts in oil production levels .
those surveyed are unhappy with the nation s level of taxation levied on foreign invested firms .
"women and children were among the casualties , the official said . most of those killed or wounded were pilgrims ."
so why did she choose polaroid and not some other type of photo ? willis is simply in love with that little white rectangle .
"first lady laura bush introduced his tribute from the stage , and president bush was seen bobbing his head to the music , one of the few times he appeared animated at last night s gala ."
"in response , cheon ho seon , presidential spokesman , said roh will accept the special prosecutor bill as planned , saying"
"cnn scientists have trained a group of monkeys to feed themselves marshmallows using a robot arm controlled by sensors implanted in their brains , a feat that could one day help paralyzed people operate prosthetic limbs on their own , according to a study out thursday ."
"the militants , in apparent preparation for an impending military operation , planted mines and destroyed bridges 8212 and forced villagers to stay and fight alongside them , a tribal elder said ."
an official cause of death is pending until after an autopsy .
"the korea times reports south korea and the united states failed to narrow differences in agriculture , anti dumping measures and other key sectors during the third round of free trade talks that ended in seattle on sep ."
"over 500 people have died climbing the matterhorn since 1865 , and swiss tourism authorities say deaths now average about 12 annually ."
"on the upside , royal bank of scotland , which remain s j . p . morgan s top pick , gained 0 . 7 percent and was among the top gainers on the dj eurostoxx 50 index ."
chong wa dae and residents of the chungchong provinces were at a loss as the ruling camp held emergency meetings to prepare for the fallout .
"shannon , ireland cnn us secretary of state condoleezza rice cautioned the un nuclear watchdog group wednesday not to interfere with international diplomacy over iran s alleged weapons program ."
"the sanctions require the prevention of any supply , sale or transfer to iran of any equipment , technology or information that could contribute to enrichment activities or to nuclear weapons systems ."
we must show courage in a time of blessing by confronting problems instead of passing them on to future generations .
"the package containing explosives was delivered to a fourth floor law office in a building on the boulevard malesherbes in paris 8th district , near the champs elysees ."
government in general is even less interesting .
"margeson , an artist from marietta , georgia , is learning how a health care robot dubbed el e pronounced ellie can help her accomplish some simple household tasks ."
"once he returned to the u . s . , rose approached blackhawk , a provider of military and law enforcement gear , with an idea to create clothes with built in tourniquets ."
the democratic primary season ends tuesday when montana and south dakota cast their votes .
"a u . n . official who had just inspected the north darfur town said sunday more than 15 , 000 civilians were fleeing the area ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the plan is for students to devise mini greenhouses like the two she left behind at the international space station .
"caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan voters narrowly rejected a constitutional referendum that would have bolstered president hugo chavez s embrace of socialism and granted an indefinite extension of his eligibility to serve as president , the national electoral council reported early monday ."
"it s outside of our scope , mcquaid said"
"but wherever they kept it , it was in perfect shape ."
"zabell , who won gold in the sailing events at the 1992 olympics in barcelona and the 1996 games in atlanta , said she s not too worried about trying to please everyone ."
"the new york senator responded , we don t need that right now ."
"the head of the white house council of economic advisers christina romer , also on fox news sunday , says the plan is to use 100 billion in federal money , along with private investments , to free the banks of hundreds of billions in bad assets"
"in a damning stocktake of china s efforts to halt a looming epidemic , if it does not change the way it is fighting aids ."
"wal mart wmt , fortune 500 stores inc said it would only sell blu ray players and discs ."
former republican u . s . vice presidential candidate sarah palin has said she is optimistic about barack obama s incoming administration and that she prays for the president elect and his family .
"but vershbow , who is a russian specialist and former nato envoy , told journalists on wednesday that the sanctions were a matter of law enforcement . this is a criminal regime , he said ."
"a slew of products , from games like nintendo s brain age to more sophisticated computer assisted software , are marketed at consumers worried about losing their mental sharpness ."
draft likely to be reduced
"because pearson no longer wanted to use his neighborhood dry cleaner , he asked in his lawsuit for 15 , 000 the cost of renting a car every weekend for 10 years to go to another business ."
"we re not hugely political , caliendo says of his show , frank tv , which recently returned for its second season on tbs 11 p . m . et pt ."
watts even walked some of the sheep around the neighborhood on a leash .
"it s very important that a transparent and comprehensive investigation move ahead quickly , said white house press secretary dana perino ."
"changing the toxicity levels in the trees could further reduce the varieties that koalas find palatable , he said ."
"the draft resolution , which is expected to be formally adopted by the world health assembly on wednesday , says that the agency will work out rules to guarantee timely sharing of viruses between affected countries and who , and ensure fair and equitable distribution of pandemic influenza vaccines at affordable prices in the event of a pandemic ."
"one of china s main concerns after the may 12 earthquake is to deal with the effects of its aftershocks , with landslides having created dangerous quake lakes ."
the british treasury and some of the nation s biggest banks are expected to unveil details of a capital plan early monday .
"and , mark , if you dig deeper , there is more to it than that ."
the bbc reports that pakistan has been suspended from the commonwealth because of its imposition of emergency rule after a meeting in uganda .
"the order keeping her under house arrest at her residence in yangon was due to expire sunday , but officials told her of its one year extension friday afternoon ."
chung s attorneys argued before the three judge panel that he should receive a suspended sentence meaning no prison time citing health problems and the potential impact on south korea s economy if he were to again be sidelined from management .
"they depict each other as a u . s . poodle and a diplomatic buffoon , but french presidential candidates nicolas sarkozy and segolene royal would have remarkably similar foreign policies in office ."
lee said two large and four small and mid sized foreign funds are being investigated by the tax authority for the past few months .
"on tuesday , thai police said they wanted to question exiled legally elected pm thaksin shinawatra over alleged graft ."
"what s good for the heart may hurt the brain , according to a new study of the effects of alcohol ."
he hopes guinness representatives will confirm in july that he holds a second title the world s greatest loser of weight .
police said it will take time to identify the dead as many of their bodies were severely burned .
"thirteen israelis , including 10 soldiers , also have been killed since the military operation began ."
"there was no justification at all for these attacks , said pedram shahyar , a spokesman for the group attac ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"i think it s going to be a really exciting mission to the north pole first time we ve been up there and i m really looking forward to this , doug mccuistion , nasa s mars exploration program director , told a news conference . watch animation of the phoenix mars lander raquo"
the house and senate must now reconcile their two versions of the bill and send the result to bush .
"it was unclear when judges would rule on the request for the airport that lies in the heart of sao paulo , brazil s largest city ."
"nato said one civilian was wounded during that attack , reuters reported ."
pro democracy groups accuse him of trampling on democratic freedoms and stifling free speech . opposition leaders said the job offer to putin was predictable .
but the most oft repeated charge the one mentioned at virtually every stop is negative campaigning .
"it creates some hiccups , and some long lines , and some folks might have to wait a day or two to get where they re going , but we ll always get em out and we ll do it safely ."
his candidacy still needs to be registered and is likely to be blocked .
"we want to prove that these fields are no longer controlled by the mafia and can remain profitable as well as give jobs to many more people , so that all can benefit from it , a popular brand of diet pills from china has been linked to six deaths in three asian countries , highlighting the need to regulate the region s booming herbal health industry ."
the bill gives the state department and homeland security department the authority to waive restrictions against anc members .
he said washington reprimanded him for the remarks
their vessel was found adrift in south korean waters on saturday .
they know all the different motives that influence a consumer s purchase .
the pope has capitulated to the communist chinese leaders .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"abubakar , who has long held presidential ambitions , refused to support the amendment , and the two leaders traded accusations of corruption before abubakar bolted from the party to join the opposition ."
an american classic .
"during kim s extended detention period , prosecutors will clarify whether grand national party gnp candidate lee is the real owner of the asset management company bbk through which the korean american kim manipulated stock prices ."
"nasa selected schirra as one of the first group of astronauts , along with gordon cooper , scott carpenter , john glenn , alan shepard , gus grissom and deke slayton . space pioneer history"
molino claimed that he had been informed that the investigating magistrate would file a formal charge of voluntary homicide against his client .
more negotiation ahead
"just 31 percent of americans approve of how president bush is handling his job , according to a poll released wednesday , the fifth anniversary of the start of the iraq war ."
"of the roughly 70 planets found so far outside our solar system , most travel in tight , erratic orbits around their stars ."
"the united states and the european union have designated the pkk a group that is looking to carve an independent state out of parts of iran , iraq , syria and turkey as a terrorist organization ."
"although the government says the inflation figure is correct , many analysts and critics say it is likely much higher ."
"at just 22 , johansson has already taken direction from robert redford , brian depalma , christopher nolan and woody allen , with whom she s currently working for the third time ."
"the day after sweeping to power in general elections on november 24 , rudd held meetings with government officials about the mechanics of signing the kyoto protocol on cutting greenhouse gas emissions ."
"in a speech yesterday at the kwanhun club , a club for senior journalists , uri party s chairman , lee bu young , said , we will consult the president and promote such a plan ."
the paper used will contain a minimum of 30 percent post consumer waste pcw fiber .
"out of the total 419 routes , 228 changed their routes completely or have simply disappeared ."
"washington cnn nasa rushed wednesday to get a special pump on board shuttle discovery to fix a balky toilet at the international space station , as the launch countdown got under way ."
"addressing protests by farmers and workers over corruption , land seizures and environmental problems , wen said the government would pay more attention to such concerns and act quickly to address such complaints ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"cnn an italian artist missing for nearly two weeks while on a tour to promote peace has been found dead in turkey , her web site and turkish media outlets reported saturday ."
tutoring company oxbridge applications founded by oxford graduates in 1999
"between 150 , 000 and 200 , 000 people are believed to be held in prison camps in the communist north for political reasons , according to u . s . government data ."
"the riots took place across iran s major cities , including the holy city of mashhad and arak , where iran s heavy water plant is located , according to iran s official news agency , irna ."
"the two main us democratic presidential candidates , hillary clinton and barack obama , are preparing to face each other in a live televised debate ."
these latest numbers indicate that may be a close call .
"yonhap news quoted rain s manager as saying the k pop singer will be attending the speed racer press conference on may 31 in berlin , germany ."
"and radio flyer also has its own in house computer numerical control , or cnc , machines that create prototypes right on site ."
dr . fisher theorizes that this is a female mechanism for mate choice .
"in eastern afghanistan s ghazni province , u . s . led coalition forces and afghan soldiers killed several militants after armed insurgents attacked the troops early wednesday ."
"the weekend storm was the second of six expected to hit vietnam this year , state forecasters said ."
"many agree that the trend has had a particularly strong influence on young women in some cases , taking shape as an unapologetic embracing of sexuality and exhibitionism ."
"thamir sami , 33 , told the associated press he was carrying clothes from his store to his car when the explosion rocked the area ."
chrysler plans to bring an electric car to market next year .
"if you want to play next gen games you have to have a next gen operating system , he said . a game like crysis comes out and you just say , how much is that game ? about 1 , 500 with new video card , ram and processor ."
"we re going out for the sake of the safety of everybody , philippines sen . antonio trillanes said ."
"common sense may say no , but decades of research suggests otherwise ."
defending champion federer went down for the first time in 11 meetings against gonzalez and admitted
"in a televised address , yudhoyono called on the people of indonesia to pay their last respects to one of indonesia s best sons and national leader who has done very great service to his beloved nation ."
"kennedy said he has always planned to support the candidate who inspires me , who inspires all of us , who can lift our vision and summon our hopes and renew our belief that our country s best days are still to come ."
"critics said there was also a striking resemblance in the portrait with the monarch s mother , queen elizabeth the queen mother , who was famously captured by photographer cecil beaton in traditional poses ."
"the rate of expansion was the slowest since the second quarter of 2003 , when the outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , or sars , cooled growth to 6 . 7 percent ."
we re learning more about the toddler in texas who s become the first swine flu fatality in the us .
"clinton revived her hopes in the democratic race last week with big wins over obama in ohio and texas , prolonging their bitter democratic fight for the right to face republican john mccain in november s presidential election ."
christians are caught in the crossfire
"clinton held town hall meetings in cheyenne and casper , and also dispatched former president clinton to help drum up support ."
stocks opened higher this morning on a half day for wall street
"however , last month she left nepal for the united states and other countries to promote a british documentary about the living goddesses of the katmandu"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the 32 year old becomes the first cyclist to win the honor since tommy simpson in 1965 .
"the incidents rattled a country that prides itself on its low crime rate , particularly in comparison to its southern neighbor , the united states ."
chirac s initial remarks would mark a big departure from france s official policy of deterrence and work in preventing iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
"the group said research had already begun to produce in vitro meat that is , meat created from animal stem cells placed in a medium to grow"
"although there is no ban in the koran on images of allah or the prophet mohammed , likenesses are considered highly offensive by muslims ."
"a spokesman for the town of limone sul garda , where crew have been filming for the past two weeks , said the alfa romeo crashed into a wall during a chase sequence involving a truck and bond s aston martin along the gardesana , a curvy , two lane lakeside road with gorgeous panoramas and many tunnels ."
"today , it s hard to find a singer larger than a size 6 and without a sexy look all of which are played up with sensuous videos , modeling spreads and provocative magazine covers ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
often looking in the wrong direction and mistakenly walking in front of the camera when it was not his turn to speak .
a check ordered by city officials showed the locks posed no threat to the stability of the lamppost .
"that s being done through plug in conversions and adding more powerful batteries to currently available gasoline electric hybrid cars , such as the toyota prius ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"from now until june , oregon s whale watching capital welcomes roughly 18 , 000 gray whales en route to alaska ."
"pancreatic cancer is one of the most deadly forms of the disease , though doctors said the surgery offered improved hopes for survival ."
expect to see them coming in all sizes and probably with a multi touch feature by the end of the year .
"london , england cnn scientists in the uk are seeking 150 women to eat chocolate every day for a year in the cause of medical research ."
"the hubble mission was supposed to fly this month , but was postponed when the computer failure occurred to give the ground teams time to check out the spare and the astronauts time to train ."
"six elephants that escaped from seoul children s grand park may have been overworked and suffering from stress , say people who saw the animals before their breakout ."
"negotiators from pyongyang and washington met in geneva over the weekend . wrapping up the two day meeting , u . s ."
"on wednesday , the april contract had jumped us 5 to settle at a record us 104 . 52 a barrel and later rose to us 104 . 95 in post settlement electronic trading ."
"u . s . attorney christopher j . christie , in a news release issued wednesday , accused aragoncillo of betraying his marine uniform , his adopted country and the trust bestowed on him as an fbi analyst ."
"however , the group is illegal in many countries and key speakers have been stopped from entering indonesia ."
"they re always saying , when is the next album ? they know when i finish in the studio it s got to be a few years before the next album ."
"no matter how good the tourniquet is , if you can t get it on the person at the right time , it doesn t work , said rose , who does tactical medicine consultation and medical work overseas ."
the rejection came hours after taiwanese president chen shui bian argued that blocking his country s bid for representation in the united nations was tantamount to subjecting its citizens to political apartheid .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"terrorists , separatists and extremists ."
a diplomatic gaffe marred saturday s inauguration of a china financed stadium on this caribbean island when a band performed taiwan s national anthem .
"xinhua reported the newest aftershocks at 5 . 4 and 5 . 7 magnitudes , citing the china national seismological network . the usgs said they measured 4 . 5 and 5 . 0 magnitude . the chinese news agency said they struck the southwest china town of qingchuan in sichuan province , and neighboring ningqiang in shaanxi province ."
"comments such as that s great or i do the same thing that encourage them to actually try out the behaviors , he said . apart from that , teens who claim such behaviors are more likely to be victims of bullying and unwanted invitations for sex , he said ."
"as the canal was drained , soldiers fished out what they thought were possible leads , military officials told cnn ."
washington cnn a report from the congressional budget office says president bush s plan for a troop increase in iraq could cost up to 27 billion for a 12 month deployment .
"the 18 year old daughter of prince andrew , duke of york , and sarah ferguson , was apprehended for her involvement in end of term high jinks at the exclusive marlborough college , west of london , the uk press association said ."
"auto production at japanese carmakers has virtually ground to a halt after the country s top supplier of piston rings , riken , was hit by an earthquake on july 16 ."
we are not going to release anyone if it would endanger our national security .
"yes , i trust him , bush said about putin , who stood alongside him on the lawn of the estate that overlooks the rocky atlantic coast . do i like everything he says ?"
"thirty eight people were taken to hospitals after the accident , airport officials said sunday ."
"u . s . warplanes and british artillery struck targets in basra on saturday , a british spokesman said ."
"greenspan earned only 180 , 100 as fed chairman in 2005 , his last year in office . but he was hardly pressed for cash when he left the job in january 2006 ."
"nicknamed the iron lady by the soviet press after a 1976 speech criticizing communism , thatcher enjoyed a close working relationship with u . s . president ronald reagan , with whom she shared similar conservative views ."
the committee is expected to vote on her nomination on thursday .
the turkish parliament has voted to allow its military to make an incursion into iraq and chase down kurdish rebels staging cross border attacks .
"the government urged motorists not to hoard fuel , saying there would be enough to go around ."
"stanford psychologist brian knutson , a lead author of the study , says it s all about the power of emotion and arousal and our financial decisions ."
"despite interference from the financial supervisory service , hsbc said yesterday it has agreed to acquire a 51 . 02 percent stake of korea exchange bank from the u . s . buyout firm lone star for about 6 . 3 billion ."
we must live up to the calling we share .
"last month , they sought a six year jail term for chung , calling his alleged crimes grave ."
"gen . david petraeus said the move could be announced around the time of his next scheduled report to congress on the progress of the war , in april ."
"i felt i gave her the chances to open up the court , sharapova said . she was always the one getting the first hit on the ball ."
"wall street , where good news was needed after a 500 point drop tuesday , spent most of the afternoon about level but closed around 200 points down ."
"the safeway international , which was held in arizona this year , is also gone over a sponsorship issue and essentially becomes the lpga international in phoenix ."
"despite stringent measures by security services to protect the event , the result is that we failed , saleh said ."
torre said he had lunch with owner george steinbrenner on friday .
"he said he supports president bush s plan to bolster troop numbers in iraq by more than 20 , 000 soldiers and marines ."
hundreds of thousands have fled or are in hiding from burma s military regime .
"several illinois democrats , including rep . jesse jackson jr . and iraq war veteran tammy duckworth , a former congressional candidate who now serves in gov . rod blagojevich s administration , have been mentioned as possible senate replacements for obama ."
groups clashed with riot police at the parliament and across central athens .
"after we spent much of one holiday season at the animal emergency center trying to keep tilly alive , our holiday celebration turned into a hunt for household toxics ."
"what they re doing to me is cowardice , she told rio s o globo newspaper after her arrest ."
lone star canceled a 7 . 3 billion offer from kookmin to buy 71 percent of keb last year .
six nation talks on the nuclear program are entering a fourth day in the chinese capital beijing .
flying with the flu ?
"we gave them eight taliban names and they should have been freed by 7 p . m . 1430 gmt yesterday , but nothing happened . . ."
iraqi security officials have announced the capture of a suspected militant leader
"fallon , a 41 year veteran of the navy , took over as chief of central command in early 2007 ."
"more than 20 , 000 people demonstrated in egypt ."
"four suspects in custody said mehsud also planned the december 27 attack , chaudhry abdul majeed told reporters ."
i lived with even an elementary classmate of mine .
the head of the committee that releases reports is a democrat .
"sudan ali ahmed , the head of the mogadishu based elman human rights group , accused the rebels of using civilians has human shields , while the transitional government s ethiopian allies shelled residential neighborhoods with tanks and artillery ."
the dow is down 17 points .
"the ship eased onto a mud shoal at the shoreline about 25 miles south of the elizabeth river near norfolk , virginia , while damage was assessed , the company statement said ."
a sixth loss at the oscars would put scorsese in the record books as the filmmaker with the most nominations without winning .
"in january , a 32 year old woman was arrested after she confessed to killing her husband , dismembering him with a saw and dumping body parts around tokyo ."
"but if the forest products latex , fruit and medicinal herbs were gathered and sold in local markets , the value of the land doubled ."
some people say the study is the most complete examination to link investments in health care to economic growth .
"the now discarded winning lyrics had begun with , viva espana , or long live spain , and critics complained that phrase harkened back to the right wing dictatorship of general francisco franco , who led a military uprising in 1936 against the elected government and won a civil war , ruling spain until his death in 1975 ."
"in a video posted on his web site , starr says he will no longer sign fan mail or memorabilia ."
"nevertheless , he put all groups and people on notice everyone must respect the law ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the final 23 player squad has to be announced by may 28 .
details of the six newly reported fatalities in georgia early friday were not immediately available .
"in another video broadcast on nbc , cho told the camera when the time came i did it , i had to ."
he is also believed to have spent several years in jemaah islamiyah training camps in the southern philippines .
"which is the wrong approach according to new york times magazine writer nicholas leeman , author of the recent article titled , rebuilding the ghetto doesn t work ."
from military device to life saving surgery tool
"ochoa left for mexico on tuesday night , saying in a statement that her uncle was ill ."
"evanise de oliveira lima , the boy s mother , told cbn radio that neilson was thin and scratched but that she expected he would leave the hospital shortly ."
"he always used to say . . . i am ready to sacrifice my life for the party and my country , rajput says ."
draft likely to be reduced
"inside the lab , the students were given a description of a fictitious person described as industrious , cautious and determined , and then rated that person s presumed personality traits ."
"it s pretty strong and people are being evacuated from the tall buildings , said andy saputra , cnn producer in jakarta ."
"the six countries the two koreas , the united states , japan , russia and the host china will also hold a two day working group meeting involving lower level officials from june 21 to lay the groundwork for the plenary session ."
forecasters from the us national hurricane center expect the hurricane to strengthen further before reaching the us south coast either in texas or louisiana later this week .
the radar evading f 117s are capable of taking out the north s yongbyon nuclear plant an attack north korea has accused washington of plotting .
officials say the land is for a road and the demolitions are simply part of a master plan to clean up the city and move slum dwellers to proper housing .
walking strengthens the muscles and builds up the bones to which they are attached .
ben gordon s five late free throws rallied the chicago bulls to a 101 98 win over the cleveland cavaliers in the nba on thursday .
kim also hinted at the possibility that the two countries may fail to meet the apparent deadline of march 30 u . s .
"the ethiopians are firing heavy weaponry into areas where civilians are heavily populated , while the islamic militants are firing mortars and rpgs rocket propelled grenades from within those areas , ahmed said ."
"in his speech to the american legion , bush hit back , accusing iran s revolutionary guards of funding and arming insurgents in iraq ."
her office said the former first lady was in good spirits .
"they were on loan from a german museum and valued at 4 . 5 million when they were stolen february 6 , according to news reports ."
the defendants are expected to appear in court in new york on wednesday .
that s mark smith live at the white house .
"but the talks have been stalled for two years , and north korea tested a low yield nuclear weapon october 9 ."
"the uncle has subsequently gone missing , the ministry said ."
"my plan fully closes the enron loophole and restores commonsense regulation as part of my broader plan to ease the burden for struggling families today while investing in a better future , obama said in a campaign statement ."
the possible involvement of the iranian government in sending weapons to iraq has been a hot topic since unnamed military officials told journalists sunday in baghdad that iran s quds force was providing munitions to shiite groups in iraq .
"it states that muslim women are forbidden to wear thick make up , like bright colored lipstick and high heeled shoes that gave a tapping sound , the news agency said ."
"iran was a major topic wednesday during cnn correspondent michael ware s wide ranging , exclusive interview with al maliki ."
flying with the flu ?
"women on the other hand use kissing as a mate assessment technique , gallup notes ."
"snow white voiced by amy poehler is a haughty queen bee , cinderella amy sedaris is an obsessive clean freak and sleeping beauty cheri oteri is a narcoleptic who s constantly nodding off ."
"neither does the arab and israeli leadership , even though they are likely to cobble up another interim agreement ."
"it is expected to take effect either in late 2008 or early 2009 , according to the eu ."
"but it just proved to be the prelude to a blistering spell of united attacking , in which darren fletcher nodded home a third united headed goal either side of a rooney double ."
"i don t want to enter an unsafe situation but you see this stuff coming out of france , said the american rider , who has many critics in france ."
"its sixth test of its missile defense system was a success , meaning it intercepted an intercontinental ballistic missile about 30 minutes after it was launched ."
"for a nation president bush labeled as part of the axis of evil , it was not an impressive sight a dilapidated concrete hulk , built with few resources back in the early 80s ."
3 . doll fashion designer
"take care in the kitchen , too ."
"and safety precautions taken by workers ensured a low risk of being exposed to the h5n1 virus found on a turkey farm northeast of london , he added ."
fond du lac county executive allen buechel said someone has been repeatedly stealing toilet paper from the men s public bathrooms at the fond du lac city county government center since june .
"to win a grammy is the highest honor for a musician , she said . it s a big honor and an exciting night forever ."
"wang dejia , who uses the pen name jing chu , has written numerous online articles about sensitive topics in china for example , backing taiwan s bid for u . n . membership and criticizing beijing for human rights abuses against journalists and dissidents ."
"in an interview with norwegian broadcaster nrk , he said he would not make a fresh bid for the white house ."
"the airport operator , baa , said its staff had identified the problem and were considering how to solve it without creating further disruptions ."
"we re not neo prohibitionists or teetotalers , he said . we re not trying to tell adults what to do ."
"the firat news agency reported rebel commander bahoz erdal as saying that right now , these soldiers are hostages in the hands of our forces . . . we have not harmed them and we will not ."
"some workers are demanding a raise , while others say they haven t been paid at all ."
japanese carmaker suzuki motor corporation has pulled out of next year s fia world rally championship citing a drop in sales due to the global financial crisis .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
men
"the korea times reports only one justice , chun hyo sook , dismissed the petition ."
"johnston , the only western correspondent based full time in gaza , was seized march 12 ."
"once inside the vehicles , the protesters furiously banged on windows and continued to chant , free tibet !"
"paulo rebelo , a senior criminal investigator at national police headquarters in lisbon , will now lead the inquiry ."
"it was microsoft s ceo steve ballmer taking the stage at las vegas last night , announcing windows7 is almost ready for prime time and will be ready for beta testing by regular users who can download and play with it starting tomorrow ."
but he said each of the protesters could be jailed for seven years .
"according to cnn s latest count , obama leads in the delegate count 1 , 694 to clinton s 1 , 556 ."
"the government will add the city of uiwang and parts of daejeon city to its speculation zone list next week , the latest in a series of recent moves to curb property price rises this year ."
she s been talking with an obama supporter in congress .
"that move will take 250 , 000 vehicles out of production ."
"bangkok , thailand ap bangkok s old international airport would be ready to reopen later this month to ease congestion at the new international facility , which has been plagued by problems including taxiway cracks , an official said thursday ."
"contains 365 photos accompanied by related songs , movies and quotations ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"they have not named a nominee for the prime minister post , saying that announcement will happen when parliament is called into session ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"mccartney , 65 , arrived at court dressed in a dark gray suit , waving to the crowd from his car ."
"initial reports indicated the crash was not the result of enemy fire , the military said ."
"the oktoberfest brews , which are pale ales , tend to be light and sweet with low carbonation ."
"the writer director darnell martin , who made the tough and nimble i like it like that 1994 , is out to capture those days in all their proud , violent glory ."
"on friday night , spears grabbed an electrical shaver at a san fernando valley salon and shaved her head completely bald ."
"china blocked the establishment of an investigation by the world trade organization into its restrictions on the sale of american movies , music and books that the united states requested monday ."
"china has solicited criticism of chen s referendum from foreign governments and organizations , including the united states , taiwan s key provider of military and political support ."
"russia is working on new nuclear missile systems that other powers do not have in order to protect itself against future security threats , president vladimir putin said on wednesday ."
"obama flew out of chicago and landed in new jersey , where he attended a rally in east rutherford ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
he also worked on president clinton s first presidential campaign and served as a white house adviser to clinton .
"asked how long he ll keep going , fossett answered , i imagine that when i m 80 years old and sitting in a wheelchair that i might do something like take a remote control airplane and try and fly it around the world . i plan to be setting and breaking records indefinitely ."
"i would be an unconventional choice i haven t followed a traditional path , but i think i bring a lifetime of experience to this , she told ny1 ."
"we would like to try and fill some of them , but quite frankly we re having trouble identifying troops , gates said , speaking to reporters on the plane returning to washington from meeting with allies on the afghanistan war effort . we can fill some of them , but we don t have the ability right now to fill all of them ."
but putin s decision could undercut the authority of medvedev .
"the ferry s manifest showed 102 passengers and crew were on board the boat , but one official said the real number was higher ."
bernard ntuyahaga was earlier acquitted on two other charges of involvement in the murder of then prime minister agathe uwilingiyimana and killing civilians in the butare district .
that is down a 1 . 31 from last christmas .
has music always been an interest of yours ?
the russian company said saturday it has filed a lawsuit in international court to stop what it claims is illegal siphoning .
"in mid october , the government admitted to detaining more than 2 , 900 people , but said most had been released ."
the ministry of science and technology said yesterday that a third team of inspectors from the international atomic energy agency will investigate facilities at the korea atomic energy research institute in daejeon from nov .
"vice president joe biden opens a meeting with state officials warning them if they mis use money from the 780 billion economic stimulus package , then they shouldn t look to the federal government to step in again for a long time"
"banks and businesses in taiwan , south korea , china and japan reported telephone and internet problems ."
but the two week gap between premiere and nationwide release dates is not deterring london fashionistas eager to see their icon carrie bradshaw on the big screen .
"putin , whose approval ratings top 70 percent , has promised to respect the constitution , which bans him running for a third consecutive four year term ."
access hollywood hosts billy bush and nancy o dell are scheduled to announce the honors .
about a quarter of france s 60 million people smoke .
"fortis has been positioning itself as a broker in the energy market , purchasing credits and selling them to companies that need to meet european pollution standards with offset carbon credits ."
"the frequency of errors in grammar and punctuation has become a serious concern , the state examination commission said in a report after reviewing last year s exam performance by 15 year olds ."
"the indictment charges hsu , 56 , with six counts of mail fraud , six counts of wire fraud and three counts of violating the federal election campaign act , which limits individual campaign contributions ."
"the materials were released while the 26 , 000 pupil school was still in shock from cho s shootings , which left 33 people dead , including cho ."
"and every time they talked about sacrifice , the numbers went down ."
mobile phone internet users totaled 118 million by the end of 2008 .
"a photograph taken at the scene showed the pilot , who ejected safely , sitting on the front lawn , making a call on his cell phone ."
"blunt s office said tens of thousands of people were without power in central , southwest and northeast missouri ."
"north korean leader kim jong il is visiting media newsrooms , giving orders to reporters and correcting the editorials it said ."
"under a draft plan , the current 37 reporters quarters and briefing rooms in the administrative branches will be consolidated into three in government complexes in central seoul , gwacheon and daejeon ."
that raised the ire of many workers .
"singing nick mitchell , the sketch comedian who played a singer on american idol ."
imagine a world without zero
the same kind of things that make the suburbs an interesting place for children to live .
"bachelet declared states of emergency in tocopilla , maria elena and quillagua , the state owned television station tvn reported ."
"meanwhile , it says the economy shrank at a 6 . 3 annual rate at the end of last year ."
the arabic language broadcaster said the tape was titled letter to the people of iraq .
"in a televised address , he said prime minister gordon brown had agreed to send a team of detectives from london to help establish what happened ."
"in a press release , sprint said samsung telecommunications america , samsung s u . s . affiliate , will be the main infrastructure provider of mobile wimax ."
"the us said earlier this week that the money had already been transferred , but the north appears to think otherwise ."
"south korea will give rice aid to north korea even if pyongyang misses an imminent deadline to shut down a key nuclear plant , a top official has said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
the region is still reeling from twisters over the past two days .
"combined with the proceeds from initial public offerings ipos , this astonishing sum of money flowing to new companies is fueling much of the demand for new computers and telecom equipment , supporting the dot . com advertising boom , and supercharging the labor market for tech workers ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"it allegedly operated its uranium based weapons program even as it froze a plutonium based one , sparking the latest nuclear crisis in late 2002 ."
police say the suspected shooter must have made it out of the mall with the crowd .
"google inc . is bankrolling a 30 million out of this world prize to the first private company that can safely land a robotic rover on the moon and beam back a gigabyte of images and video to earth , the internet search leader said thursday ."
"christopher hill of the united states and kim kye gwan of north korea will meet one on one this monday or tuesday in the chinese capital , according to several diplomatic sources quoted by yonhap news ."
"police charged michelle palmer , 36 , and vincent acors , 34 , with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication after their arrest at a beach shortly after midnight on july 5 ."
"the operatic quartet s new album , the promise , debuted atop the uk charts , their third collection to hit the no . 1 spot ."
"madrid fashion week set a bmi limit of 18 in september , and italian designers in december agreed to health and age guidelines for runway models , the associated press reported ."
"the quake sent terrified residents into the streets in dozens of cities , chile s state owned television station said ."
sharif also said he retained the option of boycotting the elections .
"6 . 5 million 13 million he was left by his mother , who died in a paris car crash in 1997 ."
"with the democratic presidential race tied to a complex delegate system , the clinton and obama camps went after each other sunday over superdelegates ."
"cayupi , who was at the fjord at the time of the quake , told the associated press by telephone that the waters were calm on sunday ."
flying with the flu ?
"holder , who is still being vetted , has indicated he will accept the job if it is offered , the sources said ."
"nhtsa ordered the recall after foreign tire sales told the agency that some of hangzhou zhongce s tires were made without a safety feature , called a gum strip , that helps bind the belts of a tire to each other ."
"in one of the strongest signals yet that the economy is at high risk of contracting , the philadelphia federal reserve bank said mid atlantic factory activity has slowed much more than excted to levels that typically signal recession ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"if we have actionable intelligence on al qaeda operatives , including osama bin laden , and president musharraf cannot act , then we should , obama said . that s just common sense ."
"according to government statistics , there were 18 , 528 murders in 2004 more than 50 per day ."
living in a cage in hong kong
but violence in the gaza strip and southern israel has hampered talks between israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas .
"gordon absher , a spokesman for mgm mirage inc . , which owns the luxor , said the victim was not a company employee ."
"new elections have been set for may 17 , according to kuwait s state run news agency , kuna ."
"st . augustine was founded september 8 , 1565 , by spaniard pedro menendez de aviles and his expedition of 500 soldiers , 200 sailors and 100 farmers and craftsmen ."
"an informant who helped break up an alleged plot to bomb a fuel pipeline feeding the city s busiest airport was so convincing to the suspects that they actually thanked god he was with them , federal authorities said ."
"the u . s . markets will provide a boost , but selling could continue from retail investors hit by tighter rules on trading on credit as well as foreigners , said kim joong hyun , an analyst at goodmorning shinhan securities ."
"i think the army will be able to make an announcement later this spring , petraeus told cnn . we have had discussions about that , and some time around the time of the testimony , i think that the army can lay out tour lengths that will be back to what was normal ."
"every day from 5 a . m . fishermen auction their fresh catch to a rowdy horde of restaurateurs , eager to secure the choicest specimens for their menus ."
"the cable would extend into the sky , eventually reaching a satellite docking station orbiting in space ."
"lebanese forces battling islamic militants inside lebanon will be resupplied by a shipment of u . s . military ammunition , which is expected to arrive within two days , senior u . s . officials told cnn s barbara starr on thursday ."
analysts say the fall is in line with stocks heavy beating on wall street as many economists in the united states fear that the credit crunch will further impact the world s largest economy going forward .
living in a cage in hong kong
john rich sees many crime victims in the emergency room .
the pro government majority in parliament said it held the syrian regime fully responsible for this despicable crime .
"we need to do something about the trade deficit , the huge oil imports , and the huge imports from china , which continue growing !"
"but , the treasury official tells a senate committee financial markets remain fragile ."
"by building the cars in the u . s . , bmw can save money on the lower dollar and on wages since its south carolina workers make less than german workers , gardner said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"a lot has changed in the past week , doherty added ."
"apple inc . has delayed until march the launch of its gadget for streaming video and other content from computers to tvs , but the company would not explain why ."
oil industry analyst trilby lundberg says the national average has dropped to 2 . 78 a gallon .
the korea times reports indications are that korean policymakers are charting programs to win support from the people and the national assembly for the ratification of the crucial free trade deal with the united states .
"the northern end of the span appeared to drop first , and the southern end followed ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"cnn daniel pearl flew in to islamabad , pakistan , on september 12 , 2001 ."
"nearly 1 . 7 million young people are exposed to abnormal living conditions that can lead to delinquencies , including suicide and dropping out of school , a government report said tuesday ."
"the package was vibrating when the janitor found it , but i think it had sort of died out by the time it was disarmed , strannegard said ."
"the bush administration has accused iran of working to obtain nuclear weapons , an allegation officials in tehran deny ."
"and i wish i could report that that s not the case , but there s still an enemy out there that would like to inflict damage on america ."
president roh moo hyun on thursday strongly criticized opponents of the government s plan to relocate the nation s administrative capital to central chungchong province .
superior court commissioner scott gordon also required that spears undergo random weekly drug and alcohol tests .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the situation s bad in montecito , california , where wind whipped wildfire has destroyed at least 100 homes and a college dormitory ."
"elahi , whose party is musharraf s main political prop , pledged his full cooperation in the assembly ."
among them is that its brand of green luxury won t come cheap .
more than 100 celebrities and professional baseball players who apparently took steps to avoid being drafted into the military for the mandatory two year term . the joong ang ilbo reports the draft law dictates that an exemption can be overturned by a court if it can be proved that illegal methods were used to avoid conscription .
he attended king s 1963 march on washington and stood near the podium as king delivered his i have a dream speech .
"the diet is an integral part of the historical and cultural identity of the mediterranean , and an opportunity for growth for the countries in the area ."
"still , the u . s . side made a point of noting simmering frustration ."
"the venezuelan is not going to stop drinking or smoking , said one person ."
"they are going to need strength and patience , and god , just put your hand on little youssif and his family , one of them said , head bowed in prayer ."
"diamond mountain , north korea ap chun kyong ok , a north korean environmental monitor , had a ready answer to why the united states does not attack the isolated communist state while poking its nose into every corner of iraq , even its president s palace ."
now comes the hard part .
"the ship had two taiwanese and 12 chinese crew members on board when it was hijacked almost 140 miles 220 kilometers northeast of the somali capital , mogadishu in may ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
flying with the flu ?
"south korea is now considering two other towns in the northern kurdish region of iraq , sulaimaniyah and irbil ."
"laurean repeatedly refused to meet with investigators , finally telling them that his attorney wouldn t let him ."
"raj told the court he is male , but a court appointed panel ruled that raj is a woman , whose breasts and uterus were removed in sex change surgery ."
fortis was down 0 . 7 percent at 31 . 09 euros but santander was up 0 . 4 percent at 13 . 80 euros .
"my phone rings at 4 30 in the morning , says garr , and this woman says is this teri garr ? because i ve been sleeping with your boyfriend since august ."
"while baghdad was quiet for the rest of the night , air raid sirens were heard before dawn in the key northern city of mosul and , soon after , several large explosions were heard ."
demonstrators descended on city centers across the country tuesday to press congress to give the estimated 12 million people in the united states illegally a path to citizenship .
the returning space station residents were reported to be in great shape .
he said the strike was smaller than others in recent weeks .
another sign to many economists that the country s already in a recession .
"their child was conceived with a donor egg , and then the embryo implanted in the surrogate , or carrier ."
"the noaa researchers reviewed 20 computer scenarios of the effects of warming on sea ice , used by the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate"
washington has previously demanded that north korea give up its nuclear ambitions before talks .
"it is not focused on commercial ends , but on providing a service to the communities which have never enjoyed a modern communication system , he said , according to the bolivarian news agency ."
"police said there were fewer than the huge crowds seen at the last major peace rally , when london experienced its biggest ever street protest ."
o meara said lavanda smith had apparently been living with parker for about a year .
"gibbons , smiling and gripping the hand of her son john in the arrival lounge at the airport , said she was overwhelmed by the support she had received from british officials , friends and well wishers ."
"jon , the president summoned 120 experts from doctors and patients advocates to executives of drug and insurance companies , even some who helped kill the clinton health plan ."
world rushes to a fix
"a refugee in iran for 15 years , her mix of classic and modern ballads kept the audience wanting more ."
they are expected to discuss the fight against the taliban and al qaeda and the growing number of civilians killed in coalition military operations .
the organisations named nasir al tijani as the militia leader and demanded action from sudan s government .
you can walk in and ask about sexual functions .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
it said gazprom s measures threaten both ukrainian and european energy security and can result in unforeseeable consequences for the whole gas transport system of europe .
"capital input and productivity , however , won t play a major role in reining growth potential , it said ."
south korea ranked 26th in a world quality of life report issued by the united nations development program undp on tuesday .
clarence house said prince harry was very disappointed but would not be leaving the army as a result .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"kalkan , who represents the pro kurdish democratic society party , added that he decided to take action after someone suggested that the cash strapped community needed more funds ."
"he found that by taking two materials with different optical properties one being a semi conducting glass and one being a polymer and stacking these two up in very tight and ultra thin layers , around 1 micron each 1 1000 of a millimeter , they create an omni reflector ."
"he was relegated to the backup crew in march after he was accused of removing technical materials from a cosmonaut training center library without authorization . yi , ko s backup , replaced him on the primary crew ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
samuel l . jackson reflects on bernie mac
"bedi , a small time actress , was extradited from portugal along with mumbai underworld figure abu salem in 2005 in a high profile passport forgery case linked to india s worst bomb attacks ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3160338 cnn 8212
"the three days of rioting that followed left 55 people dead and 2 , 000 injured ."
she divorced chavez in 2004 .
"in his opening speech to the petrocaribe summit in cienfuegos , a southern coastal city about 155 miles from havana , chavez said his plan to provide low cost oil to the region should go beyond financing mechanisms ."
"it would have been a more powerful letter had they signed , of course , but it s nonetheless a very significant demonstration of the depth of feeling in the australian parliament on this issue , allison later told australian broadcasting corp . radio ."
kate and gerry mccann have been seeking legal advice from top lawyers since they were made arguidos or formal suspects over the disappearance of their daughter .
"baghdad , iraq cnn iraqi and coalition troops overnight killed about 30 people in baghdad s sadr city most of them in an airstrike as they targeted a militia cell with suspected links to iran , the u . s . military said ."
"the important thing is not that it s your body or someone else s , but that you participate in something as a society , said oscar roman munoz , a 25 year old engineer ."
"we have taken all precautions , majumder said ."
but a north korean spokesman said the us had first to lift financial sanctions before talks could go ahead .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
drm free music .
"on amazon . com , a four pack of 10 exposures is selling for 64"
kasparov told cnn his arrest came after protesters delivered a written resolution demanding fair elections to the russian central electorate commission .
"on the other hand , rocket attacks continue this morning into israel ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"several people have been arrested on suspicion of arson since friday , although some were accused of starting fires through negligence rather than intent ."
felt the ground shake for as long as 20 seconds .
"south korean foreign minister song min soon , after talks here with his u . s . counterpart , condoleezza rice , said they stressed north korea must promptly and correctly declare its nuclear stockpile , a key action under agreed six nation agreements ."
living in a cage in hong kong
the united nations had said earlier that secretary general ban ki moon had been told of both moves over the past weekend .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"what particularly angered me was his suggestion , somehow , that my previous denunciation of his remarks were somehow political posturing , said obama , who added that wright had shown little regard for me and seemed more concerned with taking center stage ."
"in the south , militants were planting mines on the main highway between panjwayi and kandahar city on wednesday night when one of the charges exploded , killing two and wounding another , said panjwayi district chief niaz mohammad serhadi . the wounded one was arrested , he added ."
"surrogacy experts say because the practice is not regulated , many surrogacy arrangements are handled privately by individuals ."
"the siege , now in its sixth day , is being staged by followers of a radical islamic cleric , who said from inside the complex they prefer martyrdom to surrender ."
they are protesting a law passed earlier this year allowing universities more freedom to attract private funding and raise tuition .
"president roh moo hyun said on thursday that it was wrong to call the northern limit line nll a territorial line , drawing predictable criticism from the conservative opposition grand national party gnp ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the skeptics contended there can be no breeze on the moon , so the picture must have been faked ."
"the round of negotiations that freed the medics began over the weekend and involved european union commissioner for foreign affairs , benita ferrero waldner , chief french presidential aide claude gueant and french first lady cecilia sarkozy ."
but russian ambassador valery nikolayenko told channel 7 telenoticias in a phone interview during the standoff that he and three other officials had remained in the building to help negotiate a peaceful end to the situation .
"she walked around the plaza showing her daughter , kang min jeong , the documentary photos on display ."
"in one photo , radcliffe , 17 , dares to bare it all alongside a white horse in another , he is pictured with a naked joanna christie , the actress who portrays his girlfriend ."
"the young mother and her girls were last seen alive monday evening , he said ."
"taiwan still bans full direct contact with china , which views the self governing island as a breakaway province that must be reunified with the mainland , by force if necessary ."
"obama leads mccain by 8 percentage points in pennsylvania , 51 percent to 43 percent , according to cnn s latest average of state polls ."
"we would expect to see more cases in more states , and i think everything that we re trying to do now is to limit the impact that this might have on public health ."
"much like last week s engagement , last night s overwhelming victory by ansf against the extremists is one more example of this strategy to secure a stable and safe living area for the residents of province ."
"the un security council asked both sides to back off , but the ap s mark levy reports that just the opposite might be in the offing"
"aig , the government gave the struggling insurance giant second financial help this morning ."
"the upper house rejected tanami in a 125 112 vote , the second time in a week that the opposition rejected a government backed candidate for bank of japan head ."
it s retirement that bums him out .
this latest surge comes after opec s president was quoted as saying his organization will not increase its output before its next meeting on september 9 .
"the main opposition grand national party gnp on thursday expressed concern over president roh moo hyun s declaration of diplomatic war on japan , saying a more refined approach is required ."
"the tourists who died were three swiss women , one swiss man , a british man and a 10 year old german boy , police lt . col . pichan kanayasiri said ."
"the auctioneer said it would have cost pound 90 , 000 178 , 000 new , the times reported ."
house speaker nancy pelosi said wednesday now is not the time for superdelegates to wade into the fight .
"a one day , u . s . government funded conference on north korea s human rights situation took place in washington on tuesday , but senior american officials did not attend in an apparent sign that the bush administration hopes to avoid irritating pyongyang on the eve of the resumption of six party disarmament talks ."
the party wants kim to testify about alleged irregularities involving the now defunct firm bbk .
"zimbabwe s electoral commission has announced the results of more than half of the 210 parliamentary seats , with mugabe s zimbabwe african national union patriotic front holding a slight lead ."
"with the series conclusion just three episodes away on june 10 , this week s victim was christopher moltisanti , nephew of new jersey mob boss tony soprano and , until lately , tony s presumed successor ."
"arcelormittal , based in luxembourg and already operating as a single company , started trading shares monday on euro next in amsterdam , paris , brussels and smaller bourses in spain ."
"iran said sunday it is seeking bids for the building of two more nuclear power plants , despite international pressures to curb its controversial program ."
"moreover , at least two of those degree holders are now working as university professors in korea ."
"president barack obama says he s trying to work with republicans , and the senate gop leader this morning is blaming democrats for holding the president back on his financial rescue package ."
"while the diversion was taking place , the defendants used lookouts to watch for law officers ."
"what we need to cast off and get rid of these shadows is early elections , gul said ."
the safe house was a simple building .
"what accounts for this ability to survive to such old age , and to survive so well ?"
but soon they will also be popping up or looking that way on 60 to 90 more streets where speeding is a problem .
"president bush imposed sanctions tuesday against sudan in reaction to the genocide in darfur , and has ordered actions against 31 companies and three people preventing them from doing business in or with u . s . companies ."
"the iraqi judge who prepared the case against saddam hussein says there is no evidence he was beaten in us custody , despite the former leader s claims ."
two senior administration officials tell us changes to the system obama once criticized will be announced some time today .
"five people were wounded in the sunday afternoon attack at the church in neosho , about 120 miles northeast of tulsa , oklahoma ."
"there has been a steady increase in rocket and mortar launchings from gaza since hamas took control of gaza last year , but the strikes rarely cause casualties ."
"as news of her birth spread , locals waited in line for a blessing from the baby ."
some were simply informal .
flying with the flu ?
"china paid for the reconstruction of grenada s stadium , which was destroyed by hurricane ivan in 2004 , and some 500 chinese workers helped rebuild the venue in time to host cricket world cup matches in april ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the first floor of the pavilion escaped major damage . the man , who was watching the fire near the pavilion , was arrested by police on the scene ."
"please keep praying for our family and that we get julian king back home safely , hudson said in a posting on her myspace page sunday ."
ronaldo named european footballer of the year
"thoughts of a feature film go back as far as 1992 , when the simpsons overseers considered expanding an episode about krusty the klown s summer camp into a movie ."
"the way wars are fought now . . . there s no defined lines of engagement , rose said . the average cook could be hit with a rocket attack while he s carrying potatoes to the mess hall ."
u . s . officials are describing the summit as a make or break moment for the government .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"her editor gave her a camera because she wanted to cover the operation , vincent said , but she was also sympathetic to the association as she wanted to host one of the kids ."
", advised dr . nieca goldberg , author of women are not small men . you don t want to go to a doctor who says , now , honey , it s not all that bad ."
"compared to what s happening in the midwest , we ve kind of got it easy right now , said joe orlando , a spokesman for the authority ."
"has no place in public discourse , soros wrote tuesday to the chair and top democrat on the panel , reps ."
"residents largely stayed away from the city s famous beaches , as 2 , 000 police patrolled the areas in cars , boats , helicopters , on foot and on horseback ."
"plame accused them of conspiring to leak her identity , thus ruining her cia career , in retaliation for her husband criticizing their iraq war policy ."
"much of the violence was ethnic , pitting other tribes against kibaki s kikuyu , long resented for their dominance of politics and business here ."
"four essentials for technological advance are the right idea , the right method of putting it into effect , the right moment in time , and availability of the right materials ."
"the sleepless nights , the woozy days and the foggy minds of jet lag are the bane of any business traveler s life ."
obama s embrace of the internet during his presidential campaign came as americans increasingly turned to online sources to get election news .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
angola and nigeria are also signing up .
"the official death toll from the quake climbed to 68 , 516 on thursday"
"under the law , the government immediately grants the status to foreigners investing more than 2 million with five korean employees ."
the dow is down 150 points in the first half hour .
"coordinated by nasa s jet propulsion laboratory and the california institute of technology , the web site is designed to be interactive so people can explore a multitude of climate science issues ."
key decisions about overseas plant construction involving both hyundai motor and its affiliate kia motors corp . were delayed while he was away .
so what if the guy threw his shoe at me ?
"india will test fire a new missile within the next few months capable of carrying nuclear warheads across much of asia and the middle east , a news report quoting a top defense scientist said ."
"voters in manitowoc , wisconsin have picked a man to run their city who looks young enough to run for student council ."
"we decided to offer the overseas real estate mortgage since there has been increasing demand for this type of product among our customers recently , said an official of the bank ."
"whatever you make of the young folk , there s no question that the real star power emanates from a delectably witchy michelle pfeiffer and robert de niro , very droll as a pirate captain by the name of shakespeare who has a surprising skeleton in his closet ."
"holyfield lost heavyweight boxing s last unification fight in 1999 , dropping his wba and ibf belts to wbc champion lennox lewis ."
"obama has outspent his rival in pennsylvania , thanks in part to his hefty fundraising ."
the deal is part of chrysler s effort to cut costs and become more flexible through manufacturing arrangements with local partners around the world .
they later left for new delhi where 12 of the injured have been hospitalized .
but a few years ago skeptics took a hard look at what fat people actually eat in real life and found that obese subjects consistently underreport their calorie intake by some 40 .
"simpson told the associated press in november that the advance had already been spent , some of it on tax obligations ."
"about 130 people , mostly foreigners , were on board the plane ."
living in a cage in hong kong
the britons in fact suggested that i collect any information that could compromise president putin and members of his family .
"commentator john active traces his roots a long way back in the bethel , alaska , area ."
ex some people believe they may be reincarnated in the form of an animal .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"prosecutor general choung sang myoung also expressed regret over lee s comments , aggravating the prosecution s touchy relationship with judges that started with last month s arrest of a seoul high court senior judge involved in a bribery scandal ."
"he delivered that message in an interview with the associated press on wednesday , days before he is scheduled to talk with u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte in the pakistani capital of islamabad this weekend ."
he said in an unwavering tone that the u . s . troops in korea should remain stationed here as a stabilizing influence in northeast asia .
"at least 11 people have been killed , including a senior leader of the radical islamist group islamic jihad ."
"in july 2005 , senna was the sole winner of a national lottery worth 52 million reals 24 . 4 million ."
"she admitted all three of the dead babies were her children , and said she possibly was the person who put the babies in the freezer ."
"light , sweet crude for december delivery rose as much as 1 . 34 to 93 . 20 a barrel , a new intraday record , in early afternoon asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange , before slipping back to 93 . 05 ."
"according to kalfin , the deal includes treatments for infected children and humanitarian assistance for their parents . tripoli and the eu were also to begin discussions on the normalization of political relations ."
"taliban spokesman qari mohammad yousuf said the taliban , who had already killed one hostage , would begin killing the others if the afghan government did not act ."
no motive was given .
president elect barack obama says rebuilding the nation s infrastructure is one way to reverse the economic downturn
"however , each participant had elevated levels of high sensitivity c reactive protein or hs crp"
the courthouse was packed with journalists and relatives of victims who had closely followed the five week trial .
draft likely to be reduced
"record breaking high temperatures also killed 12 romanians , one man in macedonia and another man on the island of corfu , officials said , while firefighters , soldiers and volunteers battled wildfires across a tinderbox southeastern europe ."
martinez met with almost all applicants who visited headquarters for jobs at the level of vice president or higher .
"the document is intended to provide guidelines for talks on the testier sticking points , such as settlements , timelines , the role of the international community , the fate of jerusalem and the labeling of israel as a jewish state ."
about a dozen islamic militant groups began fighting in 1989 to separate the jammu kashmir region from india and join it to neighboring pakistan or create an independent state .
"palestinian medical sources said at least 400 people have been killed in gaza since the israeli raids began saturday , and 2 , 000 have been wounded ."
so is the moral of the story to hand out hot drinks when you want to make a good first impression ?
draft likely to be reduced
"it s just hard to get questions and have a lot of interaction , obama said of the arena style events that are more akin to rock concerts than political events ."
we ourselves are victims of these terrorist activities and cannot allow them to get stronger .
"the portion aired by al jazeera showed preparations being made for the bombing , followed by the actual blast and a statement from the leader of the group , abu musab abdel wadud , promising more attacks and urging young muslims to volunteer for martyrdom ."
the ministry said it plans to announce hospitals antibiotics usage every three months as part of an effort to provide correct information about hospitals abusing antibiotics .
"berlin , germany cnn a three day strike by a german train drivers union halted travel across the country thursday as the workers extended the action to include passenger trains ."
"this year , zapatero appears to have overcome concern about a faltering economy and the death on friday of a former socialist town councilman , who was killed in an attack in northern spain which was blamed on basque separatist group eta ."
"seoul is less safe than other cities across the globe given its steep crime rate and high number fatal traffic accidents , according to a survey by the seoul metropolitan government yesterday ."
i just wanted to give them what they wanted .
"airbus on tuesday announced new delays on deliveries of the superjumbo a380 this year and next , saying it needs more time and resources to get the planes ready ."
"the palestinian death toll from the campaign has topped 300 , most of them hamas militants , palestinian medical sources said monday ."
"hillary s appointment is a sign to friend and foe of the seriousness of my commitment to renew american diplomacy and restore our alliances , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois ."
"yoo ki hong of the united new democratic party , 4 , 199 people reported their u . s . doctorates to korea research foundation krf between january 2003 and july 2007 ."
france will also without defenders lilian thuram and julien escude for this week s friendlies against slovakia s a and b teams .
"the united auto workers agreed to work with the embattled u . s . automakers about changes in their labor contract , an important step for the industry s chance to win up to 34 billion in federal loans ."
the korea times reports seoul and tokyo on thursday devoted themselves to resolving rising tensions diplomatically over japan s attempts to conduct maritime surveys in south korea s economic waters near dokdo . japan s undersecretary for foreign affairs shotaro yachi proposed his visit to seoul to hold talks with south korean foreign ministry officials on friday .
"that may come as a surprise to fans of the actor , whose slick backed hair is part of his signature look on mad men"
exiled korean singer yoo seung jun is attempting to make a comeback in korea .
"of course , we re just a half hour into the trading day , it s early and those numbers are not as big as they could have been ."
"the lake . . . may cause a devastating flooding if the barrier bursts , xinhua said ."
"early tuesday , a group of people dragged the woman , believed to be in her late teens to early 20s , to a dumping ground outside the city of mount hagen ."
"obama , in his weekly radio and online speech , says the goal is to find a way to get the country out of the housing crisis"
the team of five detectives arrived in pakistan friday after musharraf agreed they should work alongside pakistani agencies to determine how bhutto was killed and who was responsible for her death .
the age difference between adoptive parents and child will be expanded from less than 50 at present to under 60 .
"korea s birthrate fell in 2004 to the lowest level on record , and among the world s lowest , as fewer women opted to get married and couples waited longer to tie the knot , a government report said yesterday ."
ma won a comfortable victory over frank hsieh of the ruling democratic progressive party on saturday .
"china hopes to reduce the total amount of pollutants in the air , water and soil by 10 percent of 2000 levels ."
"schweitzer , in another study appearing in this week s issue of science , found that extracts of t . rex bone reacted with antibodies to chicken collagen , further suggesting the presence of birdlike protein in dinosaur bones ."
clinton s remarks echoed her monday comments to the editorial board of the philadelphia daily news .
israeli troops invaded lebanon in an unsuccessful attempt to rescue the soldiers .
"about 75 people were wounded by the blast at the building , which houses the police headquarters and mayor s office for the city of sulieman pek , 50 miles 80 kilometers south of kirkuk ."
intense campaigning today in georgia in a run off election for senate .
obama also warned his supporters to play fair .
"once the fire had been extinguished , an hour later , the plane was found to have broken into two ."
"ousted chief justice iftikhar chaudhry was due to address the rally in the capital islamabad , but was not present at the time of the attack ."
"heading into the key pennsylvania primary on april 22 , hillary clinton trails barack obama by 171 pledged delegates ."
"republican john mccain and democrat barack obama faced off on wednesday in a possible prelude to a u . s . presidential election battle , tangling over whether iraq would be prey for al qaeda if u . s . troops are withdrawn ."
"the mccanns were not aware of the evidence provided by cooper until recently , mitchell said ."
but snow on palm trees stole the show thursday .
people enjoy the warm weather with their families .
the campaign has resonance among many palestinians upset by what they see as washington s one sided support of israel .
"john travolta and kelly preston have returned to ocala , florida , with the remains of their teenage son , a family friend told cnn on tuesday ."
can iceland s geo thermal power re heat its economy ?
"the newspaper reported that guns , home made bombs and extremist literature were found in the apartment ."
"the two sides continue to disagree on one of the other most important items , the bronze statue of a victorious youth , sometimes known as the getty bronze ."
the beatles are the all time leaders with 20 .
"whenever i am in padang i think about my escape routes , almost every moment ."
draft likely to be reduced
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
exercising helped him shed 25 more pounds .
living in a cage in hong kong
"i am really proud of myself , she said . i am playing with a lot of confidence and i played some good tennis this week ."
flying with the flu ?
"tokyo shares will probably have to go through a double whammy of the resignation news and the u . s . subprime woes for a while , said hiroaki kuramochi , head of cash equities department at bear stearns in tokyo ."
the reports said investigators turned up documents detailing the targets in the wreckage of an apartment where seven prime suspects in the march 11th train attacks blew themselves up a few weeks after the attacks .
"last year u . s . consumers bought 680 million tapes , valued at nearly 10 billion ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"for the second time in three days , sen . hillary clinton told reporters that the pledged delegates awarded based on vote totals in their state are not bound to abide by election results ."
"in addition to those killed and missing , up to 16 soldiers were reported wounded in sunday s ambush ."
"the declining dollar also means bmw and other foreign automakers likely will start buying locally for more of the parts used by their u . s . plants , he said ."
"they are on a steady decline mainly because there s a shortage of their primary prey , the european rabbit ."
"khieu samphan , the former head of state of democratic kampuchea was arrested , said tribunal spokesman reach sambath , referring to the official name of cambodia during the khmer rouge regime ."
"his remark came after wendy cutler , assistant deputy u . s . trade representative , reportedly told a forum in washington on wednesday that her government may have to renegotiate some provisions in the fta that was struck on april 2 ."
beijing has been trying to rein in corruption for several years .
"the president elect already has said he ll have a five day online comment period before signing any nonemergency legislation , so americans can be part of the process ."
"more than 20 , 000 fans watched the ageing rockers kick off the uk leg of their latest tour , a bigger bang at the former dome in greenwich , southeast london ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
myanmar currently receives around 3 per person in aid one of the lowest rates worldwide .
"pakistan s government on saturday denied involvement in the attack , while sporadic violence flared in karachi , a boisterous city of 15 million people ."
"there are thousands , sometimes hundreds of thousands of people in the square , so security screening can be difficult ."
"83 deaths in january , 81 in february and 81 in march ."
"in london , the british government said it would provide 50 million pounds 100 million over five years to help 2 million of zimbabwe s poorest people ."
"instead , it was the 140 yard wedge from heavy rough that set it up"
he was hit by shrapnel in the lower abdomen but survived .
"two girls ages 16 and 7 were killed early sunday and 12 people were injured in the small southeastern city of sabara when a tractor trailer carrying a band hit them during the mama africa street carnival party , the city reported on its web site ."
"only about 30 out of 300 private dog breeders are registered , shen says , adding that pushing for their compulsory registration is one of her group s priorities ."
the move came as some opposition legislators began pushing for a recall of the president a constitutional procedure that requires a two thirds legislative majority and the support of at least half of taiwan s electorate in a referendum .
north korean spokesman hyun hak bon said pyongyang wanted to be given a light water reactor to make up for the graphite moderated reactors it was being pressed to give up under the deal . light water reactors are much more difficult to use as a source of plutonium with which to build nuclear weapons .
"light , sweet crude for november delivery dropped 10 cents to 87 . 51 a barrel in asian electronic trading on the new york mercantile exchange by midday today in singapore ."
"the official , who asked not to be identified , did not elaborate but his comment suggested the administration had concluded that north korea had , in fact , not started reprocessing spent nuclear fuel rods ."
the first two groups of hostages were handed over to officials of the international committee of the red cross and were then taken to meet south korean government officials in ghazni .
it is they first time makers of so called spyware programs have been prosecuted in the nation .
"the concert in east pyongyang grand theatre began with the north korean national anthem patriotic song , followed by america s star spangled banner ."
"a robotic spacecraft circling mars has snapped the first image of a series of active avalanches near the planet s north pole , scientists said monday ."
"when they called at his house in oxfordshire , england , he unwittingly asked if they had seen his youtube video"
"he was identified by fingerprints , tattoos and scars ."
the political can t get more personal than that .
"following u . s . appeals for solidarity in dealing with north korea , foreign minister ban ki moon made a pointed declaration yesterday that pyongyang needed to return to nuclear disarmament talks unconditionally ."
"the current people sexiest man alive , 37 , and his wife , 32 , stepped out sunday night at the empire film awards in london 8211 with luciana glowing and sporting a baby bump ."
"but in less time than it takes most people to commute to work , you re at the doorstep of north korea , communist alter ego of the buoyantly capitalist south ."
"it s the human growth hormone , a chemical produced in bursts throughout the day but released largely during sleep ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"most of the damage is utilities gas , water and electricity ."
"more than 530 , 000 jobs were lost last month , the worst month of decline in 34 years ."
"two million jews had died at the hands of the nazi scourge , but millions more were saved as the federal district of sitka , alaska , became the new jewish homeland all the more important when the fledgling state of israel went down to defeat in 1948 ."
"the policeman , named in the italian media as luigi spaccarotella , has admitted firing the shot , according to his lawyer francesco molino ."
the most urgent threat that he ll have to deal with and other presidents after him will have to deal with is an attack on our homeland .
supreme court justice nominee kim young ran support the abolition of hoju system .
that agreement the only ever made at the nuclear talks calls for north korea to trade away its nuclear programs in exchange for security guarantees and aid .
"the park is surrounded by houses and is a spot for picnics , walking and cycling ."
"but the south korean agency yonhap said officials from both koreas had agreed to the proposal , first tabled last month , when they met in macau on the sidelines of the east asian games ."
it is speculated that president roh moo hyun and george w . bush will declare the fta conclusion through a telephone summit over the weekend .
"the plan will be tested in 2008 , the official said , and will be implemented fully by 2011 ."
the fighting erupted as al sadr s political organization launched a nationwide civil disobedience movement to protest recent arrests of its members .
"with the project , wright said from seattle , washington , the space frontier foundation wants to show students that they have a real chance of going to space ."
it seems there s just no room on the pop charts any more for an up where we belong from an officer and a gentleman or a take my breath away from top gun .
"obama s victory , after losses to clinton in new hampshire and nevada , gave him momentum heading into february 5 super tuesday democratic contests in 22 states for their party s presidential nomination ."
the pope had been due to give a speech at la sapienza university in rome thursday to open its academic year .
"the earthquake , which had a magnitude of 7 ."
"speaking on tuesday in japan , al maliki said achievements and victories on the ground not timetables should determine the departure of international forces from his war torn country ."
the discovery of the so called living fossil ignited worldwide interest .
"the authors analyzed international surveys of people around the globe going back to the 1980 s as well as more than 100 , 000 interviews in 60 countries ."
"but halfway through that year , willis abruptly took the money she d saved for a down payment on a car and bought every piece of polaroid film she could find . because the polaroid corp . announced it would stop making instant film ."
"barcelona took the lead in the first match of their asian tour , a friendly to mark the one year countdown to the 2008 olympics , with a curling left foot shot from mexican teenager giovani dos santos in the 10th minute ."
"malakhail reported no civilian casualties , but abdul ali , a tribal elder from musa qala , said some family members who lived at the compound were also killed ."
"sydney , australia cnn in a rare public exchange highlighting the delicacy of political diplomacy , president bush told south korean president roh moo hyun a formal end to the korean war begins when north korea halts its secretive nuclear weapons program ."
"in tokyo , kyodo news agency reported on thursday that prime minister shinzo abe might order a new study of the government s role in forcing women , many of them koreans , to act as sex slaves for japanese soldiers during world war two ."
we saw the plane go straight down the runway .
"the judge was forced to suspend proceedings after just 40 minutes amid the objections , in what is reportedly the largest child welfare case in us history ."
"while it s unfortunate that north korea has not yet provided a complete and correct declaration , we continue to work with japan , south korea , china and russia in urging north korea to fulfill its commitments in this regard ."
"since june , gaza has been living under tough economic sanctions put in place by israel and the international community , prompting an increasingly dire humanitarian situation in the coastal region of 1 . 5 million people ."
"the ruling was a rejection of a petition filed on april 4 by the movement for democratic change mdc , which has claimed victory for its candidate morgan tsvangirai in lieu of any official results ."
david nalbandian is a major injury doubt for the australian open next week after injuring his back in practice and withdrawing from the kooyong classic warm up tournament .
"still , she says scavenging for food in the dump is actually an improvement on her previous life ."
emory also is creating a fellowship in the dalai lama s name to fund annual scholarships for tibetan students who attend its undergraduate and graduate schools http edition . cnn . com 2007 education 02 05 emory . dalai . lama . ap index . html
"security forces used in house telephones to ask guests holed up in their rooms to switch on lights and open curtains , so that they could provide cover , cnn correspondent andrew stevens reported ."
wednesday s spacewalk was especially hazardous because of the risk of being shocked .
"google inc shares made their long awaited stock market debut on thursday , rising sharply to 100 after an initial public offering marked by missteps and lackluster market conditions ."
"it s ironic that we did have such a warning and we did have some measures , tata said ."
"with nasa planning to land on mars 30 years from now , and with the recent discovery of the most earth like planet ever seen outside the solar system , the space agency has begun to ponder some of the thorny practical and ethical questions posed by deep space exploration ."
"long a niche technology existing in the shadow of conventional growing methods , hydroponics is getting a second look from university researchers and public health advocates ."
british broadcaster sky news said one of the men who was reportedly being questioned lived at the villa with his british mother .
"in response , serbia ordered its ambassador to the united states to return home , the serbian embassy said ."
"they are now under investigation over suspicions that they colluded with ranking finance officials to downscale keb s financial status , and helped lone star acquire the bank at a below market price ."
"rim said no messages were lost , and voice and text messaging services were unaffected ."
"thousands are still missing , while an estimated 280 , 000 others are unable to return to their homes which were wiped out by the storm ."
"a conference discussing developments in space elevator concepts is being held in japan in november , and hundreds of engineers and scientists from asia , europe and the americas are working to design the only lift that will take you directly to the one hundred thousandth floor ."
developer strikes it rich with iphone game
"and though the president has not been implicated , south korean voters say kim must take the blame ."
all the resources over the last nine and a half years have not got us anywhere .
but the barrel amount is tiny even by iraq s depressed post war production of around 2 million barrels a day .
"about 10 fire trucks and more than 40 firefighters responded to the fire , extinguishing it in 20 minutes ."
al sadr helped al maliki become prime minister last year .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the north agreed in january to resume the nuclear negotiations after the united states offered unspecified concessions during rare bilateral talks in berlin , germany ."
"obama currently leads mccain by 8 percentage points , according to cnn s average of national surveys ."
"with turkey threatening to launch cross border raids against the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , bush pointed to the weekend release of eight turkish soldiers captured by the rebels as evidence that a crackdown is under way ."
they will be basically blocked from staying or writing articles in the buildings .
"in all , 147 classmates used the group to swap tips on assignments ."
"according to the national youth commission affiliated with the office of the prime minister , the number of suicides by youths aged between 12 and 24 has increased three fold since the 1997 financial crisis ."
portable internet service providers will pay between 117 billion won to 125 . 8 billion won in license fees in accordance with the business plans they submit to the government .
tuesday s appeal is the second time that interpol an organization that facilitates global cooperation among police agencies has asked for the public s help in identifying a suspected pedophile .
"last month , iraq suffered the bloodiest single attack of the war when two suicide truck bombers struck villages in northern iraq s nineveh province , killing at least 400 people and wounding hundreds more ."
"the protest took place late friday on a street near u . n . headquarters and in front of the japan society , watched by handful of the city s police officers ."
"hsbc holdings plc . , the world s fourth largest bank , earlier this month announced its takeover of a majority stake in keb from lone star funds for 6 . 3 billion ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
police named the parents as formal suspects .
several airline companies that use the centrally located tempelhof airport tried to block the closure .
axelrod says the incoming administration s already working on plans to turn the economy around
"taliban militants said wednesday that they will not follow any order to release their 21 korean hostages given by a tribal council meeting , dubbed jirga , slated for aug ."
the pill is actually an over the counter vitamin b supplement known as nadh and marketed as enada .
"dogs appear to experience a range of complex , unpleasant emotions such as jealousy and pride , scientists have discovered ."
mcewen needed the help of his predictor lotto teammates to get back to a fast moving bunch and popped up in typical style in the final kilometer to pip the other sprinting big guns .
witnesses say many are taking advantage of a lull in the fighting to leave .
"a second retired british general slammed the united states over its iraq policy , saying in a newspaper interview published sunday that it had been fatally flawed ."
"scientists at britain s oxford and exeter universities , who studied eating habits of 740 women during their first time pregnancies , say that their findings seem to back certain traditional links between diet and gender while disproving others ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
another concern abc and the academy had was the seeming lack of drama in most of the major categories .
the biggest and best of tokyo s shinto festivals is held at the asakusa shrine .
"according to police , chae started the fire to draw attention to alleged incomplete payment for real estate he sold in ilsan , gyeonggi province ."
"the market value of companies listed in the kospi and the tech savvy kosdaq reached 1 , 014 . 29 trillion won , exceeding the 1 , 000 trillion won level for the first time"
"leahy added , there is a cloud over this white house , and a gathering storm . a similar cloud envelops mr . rove , even as he leaves the white house ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the main part of the collapsed span is not submerged , but the span clearly separated from the land based sections of the highway on both the north and south ends of the bridge ."
"it is a story for children , which explains the wonders of the universe , she said ."
"piracy has been rampant in the waters off somalia for years , and monday s attack followed several recent incidents of piracy in the same area ."
"reported sightings typically describe various shapes and colors of lights , moving in formation or hovering in the sky ."
"stephanie rice , who won three gold medals at the beijing olympics in world record time , was named australia s swimmer of the year ."
the maglev set a record of 581 kph 361 mph in 2003 .
"people s standard of english and their standard of chinese , too has been slipping appreciably over 20 or 25 years , says yang ti liang , who was chief justice during british colonial days but now is trying his hand as a volunteer english teacher at a youth center ."
korean troops have been deployed there since august 2004 .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
police fired tear gas down dirt alleyways and gunshots into the air .
"the end result was this was a genuine ufo and the file was simply closed , he wrote ."
"it said it has collected opinions from all sectors , including the government , academics and civic groups ."
"palestinian leader yasser arafat is an enemy of israel , as he announced an extended military operation against palestinian terrorism everywhere it exists ."
it s a song inspired by 9 11 .
"the iranians who were arrested tuesday worked for iran s energy ministry and were in baghdad at the invitation of iraqi officials to sign an energy supply contract , said yassin majid , an aide to iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki . the delegates were released wednesday , he said ."
indigenous affairs minister jenny macklin said the apology would be the first item of business when the new legislature convened on 13 february .
"new british foreign secretary david miliband , seeking to quash speculation that london may distance itself from washington over iraq , insisted on sunday the united states was still britain s number one ally ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn wedding bells might not be far off for pamela anderson ."
"yushchenko , who advocates stronger ties to the west , and the more pro russian yanukovych , are bitter rivals dating back to the 2004 street demonstrations ."
"i may be able to pardon the military regimes of chun doo hwan and roh tae woo , but i can t pardon the ongoing treason against history by the chosun and dong a , lee said in a meeting yesterday with korean correspondents in berlin during his visit to europe ."
"indeed , if successfully built , the space elevator would be an unprecedented feat of human engineering ."
"they say he killed 11 people in 2001 , including six in one month ."
russia is building iran s first nuclear power plant and has resisted moves by the u . s . and its allies to impose stronger u . n . sanctions against tehran .
"adhab described a bloody scene , saying dozens of sheep were killed in the melee , and military aircraft still hovered over the neighborhood hours after the raid ."
the u . s . backed kabul administration had rejected an initial list of eight prisoners including high profile taliban commanders late last week because some members on the list are in the custody of the u . s . military waging war against the islamic fundamentalists with other western countries .
"colorful parades and displays have taken place , but thousands of pro democracy campaigners also gathered to call for political reform ."
living in a cage in hong kong
one woman among thousands of infertile couples in the programme is eight weeks pregnant .
"germany has reviewed its business ties with iran , and may make further reductions in those if circumstances warrant , she said ."
the i believe license plate still has a way to go before it reaches the roads .
draft likely to be reduced
"amid sub zero temperatures in some places , european gas customers aren t freezing in their homes just yet ."
"on wall street , blue chip stocks ended nearly 1 percent higher while the tech laden nasdaq composite index added 1 . 1 percent"
the paper said he would likely undergo an arthroscopic examination to determine the extent of the injury next week .
"the only member of prime minister john howard s center right government to sign the letter was barnaby joyce , a maverick senator from the junior coalition partner , the nationals party , his office confirmed friday ."
"bush will arrive in south korea wednesday , one day ahead of the scheduled summit with president roh moo hyun in the southeastern city of kyongju , a u . s ."
"ma , of the kuomintang party , had stood on a platform of economic reform and improving relations with china ."
"again , nedrow wrote back pointing out that the web site actually belonged to the company that made the drink , hardly an objective source ."
the north korean army announced yesterday that it would re examine the armistice agreement that suspended the korean war and agreements between pyeongyang and the united nations command .
"wearing white t shirts and waving flags , thousands marched on bogota s main plaza ."
"the united states , however , finished low in each test and in adult literacy ."
draft likely to be reduced
"many of those who solicit children for sex are men who are married with children of their own , the study reported ."
"he went on to manage fulham , england and manchester city but has been out of the game since leaving city in 2005 after a largely unsuccessful spell with the club ."
what appear to be three overlapping mammoths only a few centimeters long and carved onto the rib of a mammoth .
"during his visit , putin will also attend a summit of caspian sea nations ."
"sens . barack obama and john mccain will win in wisconsin , cnn projects ."
government officials and representatives of the revamped airline have declined to re open contract negotiations with trade unions .
"other victims included three nepalese workers , three crew members , one interpreter and a mechanic whose nationalities have not yet been confirmed ."
"that was the president a short time ago , speaking to the national academy of sciences as he outlined his administration s science research agenda ."
"a beggar detonated the device when he tried to pick up what appeared to be a parcel left on the median strip , police said ."
"the ambassador from singapore tried to defuse the anger aimed at myanmar , urging those in the special session not to politicize the situation ."
"kim young nam , believed in the south to have been kidnapped to the north while he was 16 , said yesterday he crossed the inter korean sea border by accident , denying allegations of abduction ."
"together we will work to modernize our financial systems , bush said . we must resist the temptation of financial isolationism ."
"liking empty restaurants , liking empty movie theaters unless i am starring in it ."
authorities in pakistan and neighboring india have evacuated thousands of people from low lying areas after weekend storms and flooding killed nearly 400 people across the south asian region .
"rudd was the first of 30 ministers to take the oath of office before governor general michael jeffery on monday in ceremonies broadcast nationally , formalizing the hand over of government from ousted prime minister john howard ."
"chavez has sent soldiers to striking oil facilities to little effect , and venezuela s 13 tanker shipping fleet lay at anchor , its crews having joined the strike ."
"through much of the last century , america s faith in freedom and democracy was a rock in a raging sea ."
"airbus is seeking to recoup its losses by cutting 10 , 000 jobs and spinning off or closing six of its european manufacturing plants ."
"the new restrictions ban military personnel from leaving their bases except for official business , work , worship or travel to and from off base housing ."
"it spent months on british best seller lists , has sold more than half a million copies and took the book of the year prize at last month s british book awards ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"shaul mofaz , one of israel s deputy prime ministers , told israeli radio mediation is something to think about , but one thing needs to be made clear til the firing stops , we must continue with the policy that we are taking in gaza and not stop for even one hour ."
"one ace was 149 . 75mph , breaking the dubai serve record he set a day earlier . i knew i was going to hit it well , from the first point ."
and the disagreements that we have with your government we wish to resolve peacefully through dialogue .
"jeong , who starred in popular dramas and films , was under heavy pressure to raise her status and ended her life at her boyfriend s home last february ."
bhutto returned to pakistan last week after eight years in self imposed exile .
"the disabling project has been going well at three sections of north korea s yongbyon complex , hill said wednesday , including its fuel fabrication facility , reactor and reprocessing center ."
"lee eun young of the ruling uri party , who is leading the revision of the law on sexual assault ."
"unite said the strikes would lead to severe disruptions during a normally busy period , while baa called on the union to return to talks ."
"clinton said that up until that august morning when her husband confessed , she believed he was being railroaded and had merely been foolish by paying any attention to lewinsky ."
"in 1990 her nld won national elections , but these were annulled by the army and she was never allowed to take power ."
"variety says the curious case of benjamin button , opens with an estimated 11 . 8 million , well above ali s earlier mark of 10 . 2 million ."
terrified students ran through the campus as ambulances arrived .
"these rains could cause life threatening flash floods and mud slides , according to forecasters at the national hurricane center in miami , florida ."
"as for the other , we don t believe her testimony was accurate , roetzel said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"iran was a major topic wednesday during cnn correspondent michael ware s wide ranging , exclusive interview with al maliki ."
human rights activists alleged in a report being released thursday that beijing has muscled in on hong kong politics to create a climate of fear ahead of sunday s election that is expected to give opposition figures more clout in an anti government backlash .
"the infighting has left the palestinians with two governments abbas new government in the west bank , and the hamas rulers in gaza ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
abuse of the elderly is a crime rarely reported but which affects as many as 2 million people each year in the u . s .
"it was not until 2005 that scientists discovered nine year old jinzhu s ovaries were positioned in the wrong place , and gave her a two hour operation to make her a normal girl , xinhua said ."
"the chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , admiral mike mullen , says he s confident about iraq s future , and the future of the us withdrawal from that country ."
"pulitzer prize winning cartoonist berkeley breathed is retiring , leaving a hole in the sunday funnies and the hearts of opus fans ."
medvedev also said he hopes for a constructive dialogue with the next u . s . president .
kitt died on christmas day of colon cancer .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2761786
"wie has been playing lpga tour events since she was in the seventh grade , drawing the biggest galleries because of her youth and power , but earning little respect from players because of her preferential treatment ."
"as the legality of such a move is in question , families of many collaborators are expected to file lawsuits against the confiscation decisions , which would delay the seizure ."
russia s defense ministry said at the time there was no violation of flight regulations during the incident .
they came from somewhere in the back .
that s put him in quite a bind .
"future bank was started in 2004 in a joint venture between bank melli bank saderat , also an iranian bank and a private bank based in bahrain ."
"in 2007 , tripadvisor asked travelers to rank airports according to how easy they are to navigate , the cleanliness of the lavatories and parking facilities ."
the idea is that employees can share videos amongst themselves in a secure setting .
"tallinn , estonia cnn an estonian man who was caught driving a car even though he is blind has been at it again , police said on monday , and this time he faces jail ."
"the 43 year old masako is a harvard educated former diplomat , whom many had hoped would help modernize japan s staid imperial family when she married crown prince naruhito in 1993 ."
"prime minister junichiro koizumi s approval rating has bounced back into positive territory , according to a new poll ."
"khan , a pakistani born u . s . citizen , says it has happened five times since 2003 ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
admit that it exists ?
the protests were taking place outside chinese embassies in london and 11 other cities one city for each year of suu kyi s detention .
korea to double african aid by . . .
last year a member of the disbanded group
"referring to arrowhead ripper , bednarek said that the weeks ahead are crucial in not only holding and retaining the ground that is cleared but in winning the hearts of diyala residents ."
the united states has not misled allies or anyone else about the matter .
"in europe britain s ftse 100 and germany s dax closed down 4 . 5 percent , while the cac 40 in france finished down 5 . 1 percent"
those troops were long considered a tripwire that would ensure u . s . intervention in the event of an attack from the north .
"a fourth child , an 8 month old daughter , was also found dangling in the closet but was rescued from the family s mobile home ."
"the integrity and sovereignty of the country will be protected at all cost and no outside interference will be allowed , aziz said ."
"we have had hundreds of complaints from our clients in the last couple of days , said richard ford , technical director of candis group , a beijing based it company that processes hundreds of thousands of emails a day ."
"we see an average increase of by 30 in fatalities over the typical day , um , when we have halloween on a weekend ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"like all his classmates , insoo s main means of communication with his buddies is text messaging ."
"the longer the hair , the more it is worth ."
"barroso , who traveled a path from maoist student activist in the 1970s to prime minister of a conservative government and a supporter of the war in iraq , has promised to lead the commission with a strong hand ."
"padilla s mother , estela lebron , told cnn her son will appeal the verdict ."
full security close to impossible
"if muqtada al sadr doesn t issue a statement by saturday extending the cease fire , the freeze will be over sunday , said sheikh salah al obeidi , a spokesman for the cleric ."
"he laughed at suggestions that the exile government was fueling the anti chinese protests , saying it was the natural result of deep resentment caused by china s treatment of tibetans as second class citizens in their own land ."
"second seeded tommy haas had considerably less trouble earning his spot in the quarterfinals , beating no . 16 michael russell 6 3 , 6 4 ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
riot police have fired tear gas at demonstrators protesting in central paris against sarkozy s victory .
the government will give the largest banks 25 billion 43 . 7 billion with another 25 billion available if desired .
it s not the whole of it .
"before its summer recess , congress approved the protect america act , which allows the government to intercept , without a warrant , phone calls and e mails from people outside the united states who are contacting individuals inside the country ."
"by 1990 , women outlived men by seven years , and now there is about a five year gap , he said ."
"from luxury hotel resorts to rustic retreats , yoga offerings and yoga centric vacations have increasingly become a carrot to lure vacationers that want more than a fabulous place to stay and entertainment ."
"many victims were shot in the head , said theresa comitas , spokeswoman for kishwaukee community hospital , about 10 minutes from the school ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
it comes almost exactly two years after china s first manned space flight .
obama had almost 3 million supporters on facebook and put together a massive database of e mail addresses
"and the government isn t sure which side to take , according to the joong ang ilbo ."
and obama has already said her first concern is how 10 year old malia and 7 year old sasha will settle in here .
"the sox and the rays are playing game 5 of their series tonight , which may decide who wins the american league title ."
"many children fled the school before it was completely engulfed in fire , and red cross officials were working to reunite children with parents who rushed to the scene ."
"and the president of azerbaijan stressed he would be glad to contribute to world security and stability , putin said ."
"as the internet has made it easier to access adult content , prosecutors are increasingly concerned over its legality ."
"kt , korea s dominant fixed line telecom carrier , launched the first dual purpose satellite for military and commercial uses tuesday , lifting the country into the double digit satellite club ."
gradual reduction of the usfk will be discussed in earnest with proper measures to fill a possible security vacuum .
"s atilde o paulo , brazil cnn three heavily armed robbers stole two pablo picasso prints from an art museum in downtown s atilde"
in remarks at a white house ceremony the president eluded to widespread skepticism about the workability of another costly federal program to save the cities .
liverpool fuming over champions venue switch
"trade barriers for food should be eliminated , especially in developed nations , the report recommended , so small farmers can earn more money ."
instead we used co2 laser to melt the tumor and then shave it off .
putin said he agreed with president bush that u . s . led coalition forces should only withdraw once the iraqi government was in full control of the country .
"the caricature of the alaskan governor was flanked by a smaller effigy of democratic presidential nominee barack obama , wearing a military style helmet ."
families of the trapped six miners accused those in charge of rescue effort of having given up on the missing men .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the cloned banteng , for instance , won t begin breeding until it reaches maturity in about six years ."
"beijing , china cnn three aging members of the nine member committee that rules china are retiring and their replacements will be selected by the communist party s central committee on monday ."
the wwf report also highlights a 2007 study conducted by the british antarctic survey .
"this time , five numbers flashed on the screen only briefly before they were replaced by white squares ."
these pro palestinian protesters in new york say it s israel that s to blame
"ledger s first american film was the teen comedy 10 things i hate about you in 1999 , and he immediately attracted attention from hollywood ."
but there s a cool little day trip from denver that often gets overlooked by out of towners .
the obama transition team says the two will meet monday in chicago to talk about their shared goal of making more efficient and effective government a reality .
"so my name is a footnote in american legal history , which i m perversely kind of proud of , carlin said . in the context of that era , it was daring ."
"on friday , the gnp said the meeting was a go , insisting that the white house had confirmed the appointment through melissa s . bennett , a special assistant to the president ."
"unusually for this time of year , the fjord is ice free ."
"as tokyo celebrates its 400th anniversary as japan s capital this summer , there is perhaps no better testimony to the city s rapid rise from tiny 17th century fishing village to megalopolis of 12 million people than its downtown lost and found ."
officials said at least 79 people were injured .
"to complicate matters , hong kong s dominant tongue is the chinese dialect of cantonese , which is vastly different from mandarin , the national language of mainland china ."
addiction experts also strongly opposed the idea at a debate at the american medical association s annual meeting .
korea to double african aid by . . .
woolmer s death came only hours after pakistan s shocking elimination from the cricket world cup competition by the relatively unknown irish team on st . patrick s day .
"typically , asking people to revisit these scenes drives up heart rate and blood pressure ."
"we have received all we could possibly ask for , fig secretary general andre gueisbuhler told associated press . all of them confirm the age that they should be , so what can we do ?"
"on july 1 , the netherlands will be one of the last european countries to ban smoking in bars and restaurants in compliance with eu law ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"beijing , china cnn the elite of china s communist party opened their five yearly congress on monday where they will put forth a blueprint for reforming political institutions , but the steps aim to strengthen one party rule and will not copy western democratic models , a spokesman said sunday ."
"now , they didn t catch madoff , that s a shame"
telling the americans was no easy matter .
"for the past few weeks , top level mediators from france , saudi arabia , jordan and other countries have been trying unsuccessfully to break the deadlock ."
"politicians in iraq have been struggling to form a government for five weeks , following elections at the end of january ."
other reports indicate that the shooting was among the voters who had showed up .
"he registered himself with an organ donation agency a few years ago with family s consent , the brother said ."
so what is the deal with all the borrowing necessary to make the budget work ?
"relations between hindus , who make up more than 80 percent of india s population , and muslims , who account for about 130 million of india s 1 . 1 billion people , have been relatively peaceful since the bloody partition of the subcontinent into india and muslim pakistan at independence from britain in 1947 . but there have been sporadic bouts of violence ."
"ads for the movie are also on the internet , which is not subject to federal regulation ."
"communist china recently repatriated seven north korean refugees who entered an international school for south koreans at yantai , shandong province , the foreign affairs and trade ministry in seoul said monday ."
"it is the heaviest fighting for many months in north waziristan , which the us says is an al qaeda safe haven ."
"he admitted he made a mistake during his time as chair by presuming that lenders were more capable than regulators of protecting their finances , adding he was shocked when the system broke down ."
"seeing that there s going to be more of a global commitment to resolving the financial crisis has given confidence to investors and gotten them to put some money to work , christopher colarik , portfolio manager at glenmede investment management , told cnnmoney ."
washington had said it would not delist north korea until pyongyang agreed to set up an internationally recognizable mechanism to verify it was revealing all its nuclear secrets .
"the encouraging words come from neel kashkari , head of the government s 700 billion rescue program"
williams received his license to sell lunar land in the uk from dennis hope .
the topic was also discussed last month in a meeting between vice president dick cheney and australian prime minister john howard when cheney visited australia .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"up to you , garrett . it s your turn , said eyharts , who spent 1 months at the international space station , less time than planned because of the previous shuttle flight s delay in getting him there ."
"hong kong , which neighbors the province , has warned that the risk of a human case there has increased ."
cnn estimates mccain has gathered 894 delegates .
dean has fluctuated in strength since slamming into mexico s yucatan peninsula on tuesday as a category 5 storm the most extreme level on the saffir simpson scale of hurricane intensity .
"her mother , identified as kim , is also under a travel ban from thursday ."
"urged cambodia to help stamp out the trafficking of women and children for sex slavery addressing cambodia s national assembly in the capital phnom penh , high commissioner for human rights said the time had come to bring an end to the trade , which afflicts an estimated 200 , 000 women and children in the region every year ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the dancing penguins of happy feet beat out cars for feature length animation .
"that was ten years ago , but the interest in his sculptures particularly the treetent has kept on growing ."
"two clerics at the mosque issued the edict against bakhtiar a week ago , demanding that she be sacked , her family punish her and she be made to ask for forgiveness after pictures in the pakistani media showed bakhtiar hugging her parachute jumping instructor at a fundraising jump in france ."
"many teams are looking for planets circling other stars . they are especially looking for those similar to our own , planets that could support life ."
villarosa also said about 95 percent of the buildings in the region were destroyed when cyclone nargis battered the area late friday into saturday .
"doctors are adamantly opposed to the new measures , which they claim are designed to tighten control of the profession , ease barriers to entering the business , and make doctors more accountable for malpractice ."
"she describes in bitter terms the months of chill between them , never more painful than when they went to martha s vineyard for vacation right after his testimony ."
", with 10 . 7 percent of the company , as well as bank nordea , have accepted the offer , the statement said ."
"tense talks continue this morning on a bill to get 15 billion aid for the auto industry , the white house pushing for tougher consequences than congressional democrats want , for automakers failure to bring costs under control ."
"steve ruic , a writer on staff at notre dame college , received an e mail about two weeks ago from a professional diver from germany ."
6 trillion budget is designed to change the nation s economic course
"owners pay 98 , 000 yen 800 a month to keep their dogs at the soladi care home for pets , which opens friday , according to a joint release by soladi co . and the endo veterinary clinic in tochigi , eastern japan ."
oprah sued over man s arrest on extortion charge
"sports fans set up web sites with names that begin with fire , hoping coaches , athletic directors and sportscasters lose their jobs ."
"i will apply the law to everyone . . . on militias , political parties , on participants in the political process , he said ."
"having been in the finance business for almost four decades , the 62 year old is currently the chairman of the dubai international financial center authority , where he is in charge of luring global financial institutions to develop the middle eastern city into a regional financial hub ."
"the u . s . , which views muslim pakistan as a key ally in its battle against al qaeda linked extremism , welcomed musharraf s vote pledge but renewed calls for the emergency to be lifted ."
"mccartney would need the consent of lennon s widow , yoko ono , and george harrison s widow , olivia harrison , to release the track ."
"home prices have fallen almost 20 over the last year and the economy has shed over 760 , 000 jobs ."
"we are seeing some of the galaxies as they were 10 billion years ago , in the process of formation ."
"in the past north korean defectors have fled to japanese missions and other premises in china , and tokyo allowed them to leave for third countries ."
the talks on the swap of hostages and taliban prisoners also failed and deadline continued .
"the rift valley town of eldoret has been the scene of much of the post election violence , which has resulted in at least 600 deaths and driven thousands from their homes ."
living in a cage in hong kong
he also blamed the united states for the global financial crisis .
"according to the white house , nearly 250 , 000 sq km has been affected by the hurricane an area roughly the size of the uk ."
"elections are also being held for all seats in parliament , with 36 parties in the race ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
rooney powered two thunderous efforts towards goal that jose cevallos managed to deal with while park ji sung fired an angled shot straight at the keeper and then lifting a close range chance over the bar .
"baghdad , iraq cnn coalition forces found 26 bodies buried in mass graves and a bloodstained torture complex with chains hanging from walls and ceilings and a bed connected to an electrical system , the military said wednesday ."
"he talked to joy behar on larry king live about the book , his divorce , politics and sarah palin , and how he feels about the public eye ."
the restaurant seats up to 120 and takes reservations .
the japanese government has been spreading the name in a bid to distract other countries from the name of dokdo and make them perceive the islets as a disputed area .
the official said a total of 57 people were working in the warehouse when the fire started at around 10 45 a . m . in the basement of a two story warehouse owned by the logistics company korea 2000 .
red sox slugger david ortiz said he first learned of the threat from reporters .
they will split the 1 . 4 million prize .
part of the problem is that devout hindus believe monkeys are manifestations of the monkey god hanuman and feed them bananas and peanuts encouraging them to frequent public places .
"the free press circulation is down 19 percent and the news is down 22 percent since 2002 , the free press reported tuesday ."
he said it is among 149 images comprising goldin s thanksgiving installation .
"lone star turned the bank around , and began looking for a buyer after a two year ban on selling its shares expired last october ."
"it remains unclear who shot the video and who posted it on youtube , but the person who posted it removed it from the web site wednesday ."
nadal s absence deals a big blow to spain s bid for a third davis cup title since 2000 .
"we need action , seshoka said , estimating that around 30 , 000 people were present for event ."
"extra beds crowd hospital corridors to deal with sick , feverish and in some cases dying children ."
shi s legal challenge is part of a lawsuit filed earlier by the world organization for human rights usa .
"with only about 10 to 30 left in the wild and another 60 in captivity , the chinese sub species of the tiger clan is on the brink of extinction ."
"the attack drove home the lack of government control in the tribal region , where a local government official said authorities were trying to negotiate the militants peaceful departure from the shrine ."
other major new york markets the nasdaq and the s p fell about 5 . 4 percent and 7 . 6 percent respectively .
"one of the lawmakers said clinton s husband , former president bill clinton , has been pushing the idea privately for several weeks ."
"there are 68 dead and 128 severely wounded , u . n . mission spokesman kemal saiki said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"gambari has also failed to meet the country s most powerful figure , junta chief senior gen . than shwe ."
"mauresmo broke back to level at 4 4 only to make three unforced errors on her serve in the next game , letting the 24th ranked russian to successfully serve for the match ."
"qanbar said eight sheikhs had been abducted , but one was killed sunday while resisting ."
"the fox ratings superpower returns for its seventh season on tuesday , and will doubtless dominate january through may as it did last year and the year before that ."
"but the reclusive communist state balked at the deal , demanding the united states first take it off its list of state sponsors of terrorism ."
"survivors were being treated at 12 hospitals , the agency reported ."
"both picture and audio quality are good , and normal phone service is uninterrupted ."
"broadcasters were careful to meet japan s obscenity laws once he had climbed out of the water , masking images of his private parts with a blurry dot ."
twenty nine year old kang soo yun captured her maiden lpga event at 15 under par .
"the chunk of amber containing the almost 0 . 4 inch frog was uncovered by a miner in mexico s southern chiapas state in 2005 and was bought by a private collector , who lent it to scientists for study ."
"we re rather annoyed , said project manager barry goldstein of nasa s jet propulsion laboratory , which manages the 420 million mission ."
"this research give us a very good lead to follow , but we do not believe iapv is acting alone , said jeffery s . pettis of the u . s . department of agriculture s bee research laboratory and a co author of the study . other stressors on the colony are likely involved ."
"in its latest survey of 391 small manufacturers , the industrial bank of korea found that 51 . 2 percent of the respondents are considering moving their plants abroad in less than two years ."
"we see runways , buildings and what looks like large trenches ."
i was much better today than yesterday . i was in a good rhythm and much more aggressive .
at lunchtime he bought a cup at nearby favorite market convenience store and chose to spend 10 on lottery tickets .
"more people are telling us they are going to be voting in the democratic primary , eric rademacher , associate director of the institute for policy research at the university of cincinnati tells cnn ."
survivors told harrowing stories of being shot at by the guards despite presenting no threat .
"tehran recently arrested haleh esfandiari , one of four iranian americans detained in tehran , on the suspicion of conducting activities against the iranian government , an accusation dismissed by washington ."
the report lists the identities of 595 foreign nationals who entered iraq between august 2006 and august 2007 .
"if picked to continue on , they will tour next year with the circus ."
"but to citizens of other countries it s sometimes jarring , as if americans put their country ahead of any other , as if the united states thinks it has the right to tell the rest of the world what to do ."
it is not the first time that stern has entertained the concept of overseas expansion .
spitzer again apologized for not living up to the standards he demanded of others but he gave no details .
"that attack targeted cars in line at the station , which is located in the shiite neighborhood of bayaa ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"teens on myspace mention sex , violence"
"there is only one batman in the world , hurriyet daily news . com reported kalkan as telling the dogan news agency . the american producers used the name of our city without informing us ."
england are already without fellow midfielder players david beckham and frank lampard but liverpool s steven gerrard took part in wednesday s training even though he is recovering from a broken toe .
kiriakou said he lasted only a few seconds during his training because his body felt like it was seizing up almost immediately .
bloodletting that led to record breaking lows on shellshocked asian markets eased monday as europe reined in earlier losses to contain the damage .
"i was told i needed to come to the u . s . embassy for an interview and bring a doctor s letter stating i was fit to travel , sseruma , hiv coordinator for charity christian aid , told cnn ."
"david kellerman s body was found early this morning , and police are calling it an apparent suicide"
"london , england cnn princess diana s brother in law denied tuesday during the british inquest into her death that he was in paris directing a plot to kill her in 1997 ."
"the site s creator , astronomer phil plait , was blunt in his condemnation of the doubters , whom he calls conspiracy theorists ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
opinion polls in ireland have shown the vote is too close to call .
"companies recall 100 , 000 laptop battery packs"
"yesterday the joong ang ilbo reports the same plaza was filled with balloons , music , clowns and teenagers showing off their hip hop dance moves ."
associated press correspondent jerry boatlander is covering
condon said he pleaded with diana to reverse her decision in december 1993 to dispense with royal protection officers .
xinhua news agency said the accident happened at the qunli mine in nayong county in guizhou province .
"i think it s really more of a younger man , younger woman s game ."
"ernest doku , from mobile phone comparison web site omio . com , told the british press association despite the popularity of the google brand , the g1 s design lacks the inherent cool factor that made the iphone 3g such a mass market success for apple ."
"retail trade in the nations that share the euro shrunk 1 . 4 percent from a year ago the biggest annual drop since records began in 1997 and 0 . 5 percent from october , the eu statistics agency eurostat said tuesday ."
he hopes it will be big enough to be seen on google earth .
he says they re not playing mad scientist and insists this actually has a unique medical purpose .
"the new york senator heard the story during a campaign visit to a family s living room in pomeroy , ohio , in late february ."
"the video was shown in the legislature monday , and angry lawmakers voted to suspend her , said parliamentary spokesman haseb noori ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the visa waiver program allows nationals of 27 countries to travel to the united states for tourism or business for stays of 90 days or less without a visa .
"a day after bhutto s death , pakistan s government announced that mehsud was behind the attack ."
there are many companies here seeing a downturn or slowdown in business and to know you re not the only person experiencing that can be quite reassuring .
the hariri parliamentary faction and other pro government groups have accused hezbollah of doing syria s bidding .
"he was a savvy businessman who built his company into a major national real estate company that did deals with donald trump , they said ."
the long run in 1979 was the eagles last album featuring all new studio material .
"tall , exquisitely chiseled and with the kind of smooth line free skin that belies his 38 years , it s not hard to see why lee is also known as the james dean of asia ."
"the musical , featuring all of their favorite characters from the popular film and dined like royalty at dinner where the waiters not only knew their names but also performed magic tricks and were happy to get them anything they liked at no extra charge a side of salmon with your chicken fingers . . . no problem !"
"i believe the first thing they did , they shot a sniffer dog and his handler ."
south korea condemned friday the assassination of former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto and extended condolences to the family of the deceased .
"after the plague hit siena in the 14th century , the monks blamed the pagan statue ."
"riots have broken out in egypt , haiti , yemen , bangladesh and other nations in response to the rising price of food , which has gone up 43 percent internationally over the past year , a white house official said ."
"electoral commission officials announced friday neither mugabe nor tsvangirai won a simple majority in march , making a runoff necessary ."
"lebanon has been without a president since november 23 , when the term of emile lahoud expired ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"during the two week session , delegates will consider the national economic and social development plan for 2008 and this year s national budget ."
"north and south korea , the u . s . , china , russia and japan are members of the so called six party talks , a forum aimed at ridding the korean peninsula of all nuclear weapons and programs ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the clash occurred near the village of musa qala , where a peace deal struck last year with local elders effectively ceded control of the area to taliban fighters ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"that forced naftogaz to halt gas supplies meant for europe , spokesman ilya savin said , because naftogaz does not have the technical capability to pump the gas remaining in the pipelines on toward europe ."
"nearly three quarters of men 72 percent said they believed so , versus 26 percent who did not ."
"six people died in clashes between u . s . and iraqi forces and members of the mehdi army , the militia of radical shiite cleric muqtada al sadr ."
"the louisiana state penitentiary , or angola prison , is the size of manhattan and surrounded on three sides by the mississippi river ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"us carmaker general motors is to cut 30 , 000 jobs in north america under a restructuring drive that aims to revive the company ."
"the way he was serving tonight , it s tough , nadal said . you feel a lot of pressure when you re serving ."
"zapatero has put spain in the vanguard of european social policy , legalizing gay marriage and making divorces easier to obtain ."
provincial health department director azizullah safer said two other civilians were wounded .
"lee , who served as taiwanese president from 1988 to 2000 , arrived in japan on wednesday for an 11 day cultural visit ."
any woman who s ever watched sex and the city has at some point tried to guess which of the characters she s most like .
"i m allowed to be me now , which is a first , and i think it s really cool ."
2 before its official launch on jan .
"so she booked a fondue restaurant , hired a musical troupe to perform as the wiggles her daughter s favorite group and ordered a four layer cake ."
"an audiotape milk records just in case is screenwriter dustin lance black s convenient structuring device , foregrounding the story s tragic outcome and allowing milk to narrate his own life story ."
a half brother of osama bin laden says the terrorist s family has its own information that bin laden is alive and that he does not have kidney disease requiring dialysis .
the group also called for regulators to improve oversight of credit rating agencies and to take swift action to minimize the risk of the giant and largely unregulated market of credit default swaps complex financial instruments whose proliferation some say poses a great danger to financial stability .
"the chances of spontaneously conceiving sextuplets is one in 4 . 7 billion , said dr . helain landy of georgetown university hospital s obstetrics and gynecology department ."
north korea requested the aids to south korea .
"the united states and north korea have maintained regular contact through the north s u . n . mission in new york ahead of the planned resumption of six way talks in november , the chief u . s . nuclear negotiator said ."
"new york cnn pope benedict xvi called on american catholics to understand that real freedom means surrendering to the will of god , in an address to an enthusiastic crowd of 60 , 000 sunday at new york s yankee stadium ."
south african companies also view china as a lucrative market for their goods as well as a source of cheap labor .
"sarkozy and royal will participate in a debate four days prior to the may 6 runoff vote , french channel tf1 reported ,"
"treasury department s undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence , said that financial institutions must implement effective programs , including targeted financial sanctions , to combat threats from terrorist groups and proliferators of weapons of mass destruction such as north korea ."
"the dutch government and others , including the european union and the organization of the islamic conference , have rejected the film ."
"yousuf ahmadi told afp news agency that if the afghan government did not meet its demands for the release of imprisoned militants by 5 30 pm korean time monday , the taliban will kill some korean hostages ."
"eminem s lose yourself rap from the 2002 film 8 mile is the rare recent oscar winner that s also had radio success as catchy as it s hard out here for a pimp was from 2005 s hustle flow , it wasn t exactly radio friendly ."
but yoo said he had hardly changed his view on dress code .
"in the days following the test fires , the rift between south korea and japan has widened due to their contrasting stance toward the provocation ."
the international olympic committee said it supported ethical practices .
"no one has seen an image of the interaction at the edge of our solar system where the solar wind collides with interstellar space , said david mccomas of the southwest research institute in san antonio , texas , the mission s principal investigator ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"despite an israeli official s assessment that the military operation may be in its final days , israeli warplanes continued to bombard gaza overnight and into the day monday ."
"under the united nations convention on the law of the sea , countries can claim economic zones extending 370km 230 miles off their coast ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"in it the biker is seen performing wheelies , tire smoking wheelspins and skids on his yamaha r6 road bike as well as high speed undertaking maneuvers ."
"inflation that private economists estimate in the double digits , corruption scandals and a sputtering energy crisis ."
"that means duarte must continue as president of the republic until congress decides to accept his resignation or until august 15 , when his term of office officially ends ."
"i am just trying to have consistent seasons with a lot of titles , as many as possible , and try to focus on the grand slams and the masters series ."
wolfowitz has been mired in a controversy involving his handling of a pay package for his girlfriend .
and world markets are skittish
"but in another sense , what happened had as much suspense as a heavyweight title bout , and frost nixon sets up the interviews by showing two men on undesired paths ."
"a longtime technology journalist , gruman is more accustomed to writing about trends than starting them ."
it said deliveries for 2010 will be discussed with customers in the coming weeks .
william s training attracted controversy when he landed chinook helicopter in a field on the property owned by his girlfriend kate middleton s family .
"he woke the family up extra early , shouting , let s go !"
"cnn searchers combed rugged terrain in western nevada on tuesday for multimillionaire adventurer steve fossett , missing since he left a private airstrip monday morning in search of test sites ."
"los angeles , california hollywood reporter an online leak about the primetime emmy award finalists in the comedy and drama series categories raised questions monday about the security and future of the emmy voting process ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the dow is down 123 points .
"i m very angry at what happened , ambassador cameron munter said of the attack on the u . s . embassy in belgrade ."
"his death was an extremely sad loss for his family , friends and all those that care for him but no doubt a welcome relief from the prison he felt his body had become and the day to day fear and loathing of his living existence , as a result of which he took his own life ."
"and by then , jack would have been the more booze appropriate age of 29 ."
el pais reported that it had access to the informant s testimony to spanish officials .
"but aides say he won t re fight old battles and will instead offer thoughts on the future , how america must protect itself but not turn inward"
"the six rectangular tables with built in 30 inch flat screens using microsoft surface technology were installed in a lounge at the rio all suite hotel casino in las vegas , with custom applications built for harrah s ."
"he said its two component parts would maintain their separate identities , at least at first ."
secretary of state condoleezza rice said she would be very happy to attend such a meeting .
domestic media reports yesterday echoed a korean broadcasting system report that chinese scholars would release a paper next month asserting that a large area of northern north korea is historically a part of china .
eartha kitt turned sultry into an art form during her long career
"he declined to identify the hospital , citing a request for confidentiality from the patient s family ."
grand national party leader kang jae sup yesterday accused president roh moo hyun and state authorities of meddling in the presidential election race and trying to damage gnp presidential frontrunner lee myung bak .
"lee has pledged to raise annual growth to 7 percent during his five year term , while raising per capita income to 40 , 000 over the same period with a target of creating 600 , 000 new jobs every year ."
members of the us episcopal church have rejected a demand from the worldwide anglican church that they stop appointing gay bishops .
"he said ghanem s assassination is very , very dangerous for the future of democracy in lebanon ."
"long rumored to have two children by brad pitt on the way , jolie confirmed the news during a side by side today show interview with black , her kung fu panda co star ."
one economist says the flooding and its aftermath could cost the local economy a hundred million dollars .
"just by finding de jesus , they say , they have achieved their purpose ."
"traditional celebrity lives and dies based on raw numbers how many magazines mention them , how many television shows feature them , how many people talk about them around the water cooler ."
the taliban spokesman said afghan authorities had asked for more time after the insurgents presented the government
brains in love and brains in lust don t look too much alike .
"the press and television that is trying to incriminate that relationship is truly unseemly , she said ."
"i retract it , of course , when i said , one is going to raze tehran , he said ."
let s get more live now from the ap s sagar meghani
"yahfdhou ould amar , chief of police for the northern port city of nouadhibou , said 45 people died in the voyage presumably from hunger , cold and thirst ."
the july 17 crash at congonhas airport killed all 187 aboard the jetliner and 12 people on the ground in brazil s deadliest air disaster .
ten years ago this was an invisible issue .
"rival court factions shifted to chinese , russian and japanese forces and the intrigue led to the assassination of the queen by japanese troops ."
"harry , third in line to the throne , is due to head to iraq with his a squadron of the blues and royals regiment in the coming weeks as part of the latest british troop rotation ."
many of the relatives greeting rojas and gonzalez wore t shirts reading liberty for everyone ! a reference to the several hundred remaining hostages .
he had appeared before a coni doping hearing last wednesday which was adjourned with no new date fixed .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"before sending the bill to the president tuesday afternoon , democratic congressional leaders urged bush to sign the bill and begin winding down the war ."
"montego bay , jamaica cnn hurricane dean skirted the southern coast of jamaica on sunday , pounding the island with high winds and surf even as its eye remained offshore ."
"his ideas have permeated pop culture to such an extent that much of what we understand about the sexes , relationships , films and books can be seen as reflected through a freudian mirror ."
sawaya
"the 25 year old niece of benazir bhutto , who says pakistani party politics do nothing but support military rule ."
living in a cage in hong kong
turns out the woman who gave birth to octuplets this week has six other kids .
japanese conservatives have expressed alarm at what some see as a soft u . s . stance on the north korean nuclear talks .
"as of today russia has new missiles that are capable of overcoming any existing or future missile defense systems , itar tass quoted first deputy prime minister sergei ivanov as saying ."
authorities vowed to enforce penalties for the sex trade and trafficking .
lee s supporters have claimed that park s aides and the ruling camp have colluded with each other to attack the presidential race frontrunner .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
chinese state run television showed families being evacuated from their fishing boats and other vessels .
"to gain illegal control over the internet , the associated press reported ."
"we used to think that hezbollah is concerned with fighting the israeli occupation , and all of a sudden it is turning to be a militant force to occupy beirut , and this is why we call upon the arab and islamic nations to help us and stop these harmful aggressions in lebanon , qabbani said ."
"san rafael , calif . based autodesk , with just over 7 , 000 employees worldwide , is about half the size of yahoo ."
roh violates election law again
protesters at the marble panathenian stadium chanted save tibet and unfurled a banner that read stop genocide in tibet .
"the two people named in the lawsuit are longtime pavarotti friends franca corfini strata , wife of the singer s dietician , and lidia la marca , wife of conductor leone magiera , who often performed with pavarotti ."
"i look forward to being back with this great team , she said as she returned to the senate at the end of a two week vacation , taken after she conceded the 17 month long primary contest to sen . barack obama ."
pre macworld rumors about an iphone nano and a preview of the snow leopard operating system proved unfounded .
"cnn at least three people have been killed and 20 more injured following an explosion at a revered islamic shrine in the northern indian state of rajasthan , cnn sister station cnn ibn reported on thursday ."
"it is the first time that ban will have such an event with top envoys from a certain region since coming into office in mid january and , officials say , it shows the special care he is taking for the areas ."
they knew each other but of course they weren t close .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"it is , yet again , further evidence that saddam hussein has not and will not disarm , the spokesman said ."
"russia s population has dropped since the 1991 soviet collapse , fed by declining birth rates , a low life expectancy , a spike in emigration , a frayed health care system and other factors ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"madrid , spain cnn a spaniard who went on television to beg his estranged girlfriend to marry him getting down on his knees , crying and offering an engagement ring , only to be rejected is now a suspect in her stabbing death , officials said wednesday ."
"as obama unveiled his economic team , he said there isn t a minute to waste when it comes to rebuilding the economy ."
"if romney comes out on top , the battle for the gop presidential nomination will be up in the air ."
"the turkish military , and especially the air force , is heavily dependent on the american defense industry , experts say ."
"i m not a huge fan of grass , admitted vaidisova who will next play serbian sixth seed ana ivanovic ."
"in february , springsteen had resisted making a choice between obama and hillary clinton , telling usa today that there are two really good democratic candidates for president ."
"three days after their release , iran released more video of the britons smiling and playing games during their detention ."
"among people under the age of 30 , turnout also was the most diverse ever ."
"a japanese drop box for unwanted babies triggered a wave of nationwide soul searching wednesday , a day after it was discovered a preschooler and not an infant had been dumped there by his father on its first day of operation ."
"the number of people on the bridge at the time of the collapse is estimated at between 700 and 1 , 000 , said nepal police officer nibandha budha ."
"a professional wrestling superstar , chris benoit , was found dead alongside the bodies of his wife and 7 year old son and police are treating the case as a possible murder suicide , authorities said on tuesday ."
"although celebrated by the government and the general public for his breakthrough achievements in the use of human stem cells , the seoul national university veterinarian hwang woo suk has become a high profile target for conservative religious groups who oppose his research , which involves the use of human embryos ."
they need to find a balance between their immediate economic survival and the longer term need to protect their environments .
"the un s refugee agency , the unhcr , says it has been ordered to leave uzbekistan within one month ."
they follow in the footsteps of arsenal who a week earlier won in the san siro to eliminate inter s groundsharing rivals ac milan .
"consumers are interested in using these new security systems , which can significantly reduce online fraud ."
"blair s government passed tough anti terrorism measures after the september 11 , 2001 , attacks on u . s . cities and again after four british muslim suicide bombers killed 52 people on london s transport network in july 2005 ."
it is a reminder of our country s proud heritage .
hospitals treated dozens of people and the death toll was expected to rise .
"almeida , 29 , was the girlfriend of senna , a former subsistence farmer and butcher , before he became rich ."
then foreign office minister mark malloch brown followed up in a weekend interview by saying that britain had to nurture a wider range of allies and predicting london and washington would no longer be joined at the hip .
"that heavy robot arm , which wasn t necessary for columbia s 16 day science mission , was left off so more experiments could be added , and the waste water vent could not be seen from the cabin by the seven astronauts ."
a team distracted by the expulsion of goalkeeper hope solo pulled together three days after a humiliating 4 0 semifinal loss to brazil .
"using arrests and intimidation , the government had managed to keep demonstrations limited in size and impact but they gained new life when the monks joined"
"more than 13 , 000 people were killed in the 10 years of fighting in the country between the state and the communist rebels ."
michael weinfeld has more
"i am very disappointed that foreign web sites have decided to run this story without consulting us , dannatt said ."
the mass executions are likely to complicate relationships between afghanistan and some nato countries with military forces in the country .
"south korea s consumer prices have risen rapidly over the last few years , narrowing the gap with those of the united states ."
messenger s major goal is to become the first spacecraft to enter mercury s orbit .
"under election law , thursday is the last day that potential candidates for the march 2 vote have to hold such conferences ."
"louis mayor freeman bosley jr . , chairman of a task force on hunger and homelessness for the u . s ."
"online merchants share some of the credit for the increase , said dan hess , vice president of comscore networks , a research firm that tracks online buying behavior ."
stop to see how you re doing .
a farewell that ended friday when she didn t make the weekend field
"eventually it has got to release in the form of giant earthquake , states galetzka matter of factly . it could be a rare magnitude 9 quake , and with the plates so tightly sprung , it will happen sooner , he believes , rather than later ."
"in the story , clinton describes a woman from rural ohio who was making minimum wage at a local pizza shop ."
"on aug 11 , unification minister chung dong young said that if pyongyang returns to the agreed conditions of the non proliferation treaty , it would be qualified to have a civilian nuclear program ."
"i told him why my dad is dead , and i told him tim was dead ."
"when asked when birkhead would get custody of the 7 month old girl , who has been living with stern in nassau , stern said he wanted there to be a gradual transition ."
"beijing , china cnn china s worst winter in more than half a century showed no signs of abating wednesday as forecasters warned of three more days of snow and sleet ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
it wasn t very tough .
"ruic publicized the discovery in both an e mail to college staff and a newsletter to alumni , but no one came forward to claim it ."
"one dealing with a so called gag order on international aid organizations regarding abortion , the other with oil and gas drilling on federal lands"
it may be forced to file for bankruptcy court protection in the fourth quarter coming due in the fourth quarter and insufficient access to capital markets to cover the payments .
"president cristina fernandez on tuesday defended an increase in export taxes on grains that has riled many farmers , and she called on them to respect the law in protesting her policies ."
wastes that cannot be recycled must be treated and rendered safe for disposal .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"voter cirilo vaz de carvalho , a 57 year old farmer with three children , was the first resident to vote at a local elementary school in the capital , dili . i voted for cnrt because of the key figure , our national hero , xanana gusmao , who brought us independence ."
"the labor department reports 589 , 000 were filed last week , matching a 26 year high ."
"inmarsat will first roll out its swift64 service with isdn integrated services digital network internet access , which it expects to be fully operational on corporate aircraft within a few months , the company said in a statement ."
authorities are currently conducting dna tests to confirm his identity .
"heading up to chicago , he electrifies that guitar and hooks up with leonard chess adrien brody , a nice jewish boy who s been looking to do something not so nice ."
"officials confirmed 640 , 000 people had fled homes , the biggest mass evacuation in california s history ."
living in a cage in hong kong
many analysts say this financial crisis is the worst since the great depression .
"the fbi played a dangerous game knowing that katrina was the one in harm s way if something went wrong , levine said ."
alice springs police said they are unable to press charges against the boy because of his age .
"asian tech stocks are sharply lower , with tokyo down more than 2 percent after the shock admissions south korea is faring worst , with its kospi down more than 6 percent and singapore is off 2 . 2 percent ."
"born in somerset , he came to fame in 1968 when a short story the sentinel was made into the film 2001"
"the fed s move , which cut interest rates from 4 . 25 to 3 . 5 , came as a complete surprise , as it was taken a week before its rate setting open market committee meeting scheduled for 29 and 30 january ."
"the battery packs in question were assembled in china , but battery cells were manufactured in japan , kadota said ."
and with one already convicted
"they released a composite photo of a gray haired man , 1 . 90 meters 6 foot 3 tall and aged between 55 and 60 ."
the belgian s two previous appearances in antwerp ended with defeat in the 2002 final and 2003 semifinal .
"the gunman shot one man in the head from a third floor balcony and others at point blank range , witnesses said ."
police have yet to determine whether they were mall employees or customers .
"communist china has accused the dalai lama of masterminding the protests , but the us has urged beijing to begin dialogue with tibet s exiled spiritual leader ."
"while the coalition has agreed to work with musharraf , it has also said it would reinstate ousted supreme court justices within 30 days of parliament s first session ."
"russia strongly opposes the idea , saying iran is decades away from developing missile technology that could threaten europe or north america , and it says the u . s . bases will undermine russia s own missile deterrent force ."
"he agreed that , as a result of such calls diana , decided not to talk to her mother again ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"gates said the request came from commanders about six weeks ago , and defense officials at the quebec meeting agreed that it should be filled ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"asian and european market have surged as investors returned from the easter holiday in a mood to buy , encouraged by upbeat u . s . housing numbers and overnight gains on wall street ."
"the audience included former actress bo derek , now a special envoy at the state department fighting trafficking in wildlife ."
"britain has been in command of the south since the iraq war began , with its troops based in basra ."
"authorities say they are making efforts to fight the crime , though some observers predict that the incidence of car theft will rise further as the world economic crisis worsens ."
"i ll be sending my bill in the mail for trash disposal , clayton anderson joked to mission control ."
"but the big rub for auto workers is republican insistence that nearly immediate wage cuts level the playing field with foreign carmakers , most of which are located in heavily republican states in the south ."
musa qala saw intense battles between taliban fighters and british troops last summer and fall .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3108483
"beijing dismissed outright the request from tibet , which has been controlled by china since 1951 ."
"the home of palestinian prime minister ismail haniya , a hamas member , came under attack tuesday for the second day , the hamas media office reported ."
"turkey has regularly targeted the pkk inside iraq in recent months , but this is thought to be the first fighter jet raid outside its own territory . turkey s air strikes against kurdish rebels in iraq on sunday were approved by the united states in advance , the turkish military has said ."
"in a conference call tuesday , bartz acknowledged the many problems yahoo is facing ."
"in his homily , the pope recalled the image of the baby jesus in the manger , saying he was born for a humanity searching for freedom and peace ."
the chinese seismological network also reported the quakes estimating the initial quake at 7 . 3 on the richter scale and reporting a fifth tremor about two hours afterward .
"the council of fashion designers of america issued recommendations in january to help bulimia , anorexia and other health problems among models ."
the teams would play a full 82 game schedule and compete for the nba championship .
living in a cage in hong kong
"democrat barack obama has a number of stops in ohio today , including a visit with the boss"
"it appeared that the person suffered a number of injuries as a result of the dog mauling , sgt . lee sands said . there were numerous dog bites all over his body , but the exact cause of death is pending the coroner s ruling ."
lost beatles track could finally be heard
obama wrote about moving to illinois two decades ago as a young man eager to do my part in building a better america .
"several are considered top contenders , including former treasury chiefs lawrence summers , robert rubin , and investor warren buffett ."
"both the president of kenya and the leader of the country s main opposition party are willing to meet with the african union to find a solution to their political stalemate one that stemmed from a disputed election and led to the deaths of hundreds in a week long ethnic cleansing spree , a senior u . s . official told cnn ."
"in 2003 , irish 15 year olds were among the top 10 performers in an international league table of literacy standards compiled by the organization for economic cooperation and development ."
just such a drama will unfold in japan after wal mart opens its first megastore in the country in 2002 .
"if a u . s . pullout left iraq to al qaeda influence , petraeus said , would it be focused in the levant , in the magreb , back in afghanistan , western europe , the united states ? i don t know that ."
"obama s hoping when all is said and done , the plan can win bipartisan support ."
"we re back to were we were last week before the rally , said kazuhiro takahashi , general manager at daiwa securities ."
"the extra disc space can contain videos and lyrics , accessed by connecting a dataplay player to a computer ."
"jerusalem cnn israeli prime minister ehud olmert and palestinian president mahmoud abbas agreed sunday to authorize peace talks , which could begin monday , according to the offices of both leaders ."
north korea s envoy to disarmament talks in beijing says pyongyang has the right to operate nuclear programs for peaceful purposes .
"musharraf removed nearly all of the supreme court bench in november , days before it was set to rule against the legitimacy of his third term in office ."
"i get a very strange feeling when we have to sing la , la , la , said alejandro blanco , president of the committee ."
"in the film , kingsley plays a therapist who forms a friendship with a teenage drug dealer josh peck who trades pot for therapy sessions ."
the automobile is synonymous with the personal freedom and high standard of living of the consumer lifestyle .
"the shooter was holding as many as 50 people hostage inside the church when officers arrived , authorities said ."
"minister of interior and justice ramon rodriguez chacin blamed a fault in a generator at the plant in guri , which caused a high voltage power transmission line to overheat ."
the aim of the iraqi and u . s . forces this time is to establish a permanent iraqi military presence in the town so it can withstand any insurgent attacks .
the alliance organized a one day strike in 1998 to protest plans to raise taxi owners liability insurance requirements and other changes .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"nearly 7 , 500 unionized truckers nationwide decided to wage a general strike immediately , following 4 , 000 dump truckers who walked out ."
"and in the nfc , arizona whipped carolina 33 13 , taking advantage of six turnovers ."
"chief u . n . climate scientist rajendra pachauri , who shared last year s nobel peace prize , said last month that he was having nightmares about the prospect of the low cost car , reported the associated press ."
"alongside predictable recordings , such as the overture to the flying dutchman by hitler favorite richard wagner , the collection included works by composers from russia , whose people were regarded as subhuman by nazi ideologues , according to the report ."
"like other aussie cities , sydney is walker friendly , with tons of shops and closed street malls ."
"hong kong international airport , singapore s changi and seoul s incheon have topped the ranks of airport awards for the last decade ."
"we expect that we will have strong enough cable in the 2020s or 2030s , tsuchida said ."
"lenders can legally charge up to 29 percent interest in japan , but many exploit people s ignorance about the law and charge far higher interest , such as 50 percent over 10 days ."
"a u . s . led invasion the following october drove the taliban from power , but american and allied troops have been fighting its remnants in the country s mountainous south ever since ."
"the nobel peace prize is handed out in oslo , norway , on the same date ."
"congress is doing the exact right thing by asking for a conditions based assistance package that holds the auto industry s feet to the fire , gives them some short term assistance , but also insists that that assistance leads to some very difficult choices involving all the stakeholders . . . including management , labor , shareholders , creditors , and so on ."
"the attack comes six days after insurgents blew up the two remaining minarets at the al askariya mosque , a revered shiite shrine in samarra that was badly damaged in a february 2006 attack ."
"miami , florida cnn the minister has the number 666 tattooed on his arm ."
chirac also said other countries would stop any bomb launched by iran from reaching its target .
"i m optimistic that we will leave the summit . . . with more troop commitments , which is necessary in afghanistan , scheffer told cnn from bucharest , romania , where the summit is being held ."
gaza city was plunged into darkness after the plant s turbines stopped .
"vitamin d is a key component in helping the body respond to many different kinds of assaults and stimuli , says robert heaney , ph . d . , professor of medicine at creighton university in omaha , nebraska ."
"tacoma , washington cnn at a time when she really needed a miracle , annamarie ausnes found one in an unusual place ."
"the san antonio spurs moved to within one victory of the nba finals with a 91 79 road victory over the utah jazz on monday , pulling away from the hosts with an aggressive fourth quarter run ."
"after his sickly , famished wife died , leaving him with a three month old baby , lee entrusted the boy to a wealthy childless couple and went to sea in 1965 at age 27 ."
tropical storms and typhoons often strike vietnam from august to october .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"then , suddenly , the committee discarded the winning lyrics ."
free tibet .
"in news of another islamic dictatorship the bbc is reporting two high ranking officials from the european union and the united nations one british , the other irish have been ordered to leave afghanistan ."
the proposed accord is meant to help turn ethanol into an internationally traded commodity and to promote sugarcane based ethanol production in central america and the caribbean .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
the defense ministry is also planning to send equipment and personnel should the united states request it .
during the war of 1812 madison s slaves helped remove material from the white house shortly before the british burned the building .
i have been working as a clown for 15 years .
"such a loss could have profound effects on mammals dependent on the sea ice , such as polar bears , now being considered for threatened species status because of changes in habitat due to global warming ."
"eu president germany , one of the countries criticized , told lawmakers they should be more cautious in some of the accusations ."
"the violence began may 20 , when lebanese internal security forces were conducting raids in a tripoli neighborhood , triggering clashes near the refugee camp . army sources said militants from fatah al islam fired on the forces , who then returned fire ."
"it s an astonishing development , given that she has no role in national domestic policy and is a first term governor of a state almost 4 , 500 miles from washington ."
"the rural landscape , the chilly weather and even obama s stump speech bear an eerie resemblance to those first days on the campaign trail ."
"describing it as a blunder , grenada prime minister keith mitchell pledged an investigation into how the royal grenada police band could have prepared the anthem of taiwan instead of china , which has waged an aggressive campaign in the caribbean to woo nations away from relationships with its rival ."
"three people were detained for questioning from one of the hotels , he added ."
but he said the display s pliancy is extremely difficult to imitate with liquid crystal displays and plasma display panels the two main display technologies now on the market .
"a few months after snagging love , the label signed the doors . and the rest , one could say , is history"
she said the ad was painted on the field without proper permission and that the council would take legal action if it was not removed .
matthew mcconaughey frequently photographed shirtless and exercising on the beach is people magazine s bachelor of the year .
"the armistice is a reminder of the failure to achieve a lasting peace , but it s also a date largely forgotten by south koreans ."
"mcconaughey , whose screen credits include we are marshall , failure to launch and sahara , has high standards when it comes to the ladies ."
"but i continue to think they don t want to waste their shot here on something that isn t fairly spectacular , one counterterrorism official said ."
"bush , who relaunched formal peace talks last fall at a conference in annapolis , maryland , has turned a mideast peace deal into a signature foreign policy goal for his remaining months in office ."
"the cub , which doesn t yet have a name , was being cared for at nuremberg city zoo , where it was resting under heat lamps and is drinking formula ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the foreign ministry said the chinese government warned the korean embassy in china that it would take on a trade offensive .
"in comments made 15 years ago when he was still a cardinal , pope benedict is reported to have called the trial reasonable and just ."
"the mouse is the only mammal , whose genome has been sequenced ."
"if sarkozy wins , he will push a judicial reform bill through parliament as early as july , le canard enchaine reported , quoting an unnamed source close to chirac ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"but it s very doubtful at this time , and i told the families this three days ago ."
"throughout the year , the index has managed to stay above the benchmark 100 , meaning optimists outnumber pessimists ."
"he made the announcement in a speech to party activists in his sedgefield constituency , after earlier briefing the cabinet on his plans ."
"wielding video cameras like weapons , fighters quickly upload images of their attacks and create a valuable morale booster for their supporters ."
"the government also vowed to block the sale of apartment units in songpa gu , which a seoul district office approved a day earlier , if its finds builders listed higher sale prices than they promised while bidding for reconstruction work ."
roh slams samsung over corporate governance .
"i had one guy from mexico , and he wanted to surprise his girlfriend by proposing marriage with a ring under the northern lights , said eder from his office in whitehorse ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
i think people will just buy less music if they re gonna increase the price .
"the wao 1 robot , which stands for waseda asahi oral rehabilitation robot 1 , is being developed initially for patients with jaw related medical problems who require facial massages as part of their treatment , according to project leader atsuo takanishi ."
"in what had been a very peaceful decade and a half , suddenly there was a lot of pain in the organization , bon jovi said ."
"we were shouting , and people came to see what was going on ."
turkey s foreign ministry said the ambassador would return to turkey for a stay of a week or 10 days .
some students say they want the administration to install security features such as extra cameras and metal detectors .
it has also said the bank didn t have adequate written anti money laundering policies for its staff .
the observer newspaper gave a more
"rendition marks the first release for witherspoon , 31 , since 2005 s walk the line , the johnny cash film biography in which she played the country music legend s wife , june carter cash ."
"there was no claim of responsibility for the attack , nor evidence that it was linked to the demonstration ."
"roxana saberi s father says she stopped eating tuesday , and will stay on the strike until she s freed ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
cnn polling director keating holland said obama made some gains on the leadership issue even before the debate .
"the seven parties , including the maoists , agreed to amend the constitution to include the phrase that nepal will be a federal democratic republic , arjun narsingh kc , a spokesman for the nepali congress party which heads the government , said in a telephone interview ."
this year s presidential race is generating more interest than usual because of its open nature .
"bush told abe that he appreciated his candor and noted that japan today is not the japan of world war ii , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said in washington on tuesday ."
his arrival was greeted by loud cheers from the many thousands of pilgrims who had packed st peter s square as news of his election spread across rome .
"eight years ago , shank was stocking shelves for the retail giant and signed up for wal mart s health and benefits plan ."
"united and arsenal both lie on 57 points , but united have a five goal better goal difference than their rivals ."
walter hill won the guild s directing honor for tv movies for the western broken trail .
"it was the first earthquake with a magnitude of at least 7 in 122 days , said waverly person , a geophysicist with u . s . geological survey s national earthquake information center in colorado ."
"it was a pretty cool day because the team did the job even though there was some wind , cancellara told a news conference ."
he said medications the mother was taking to prevent labor had a side effect of making them sleepy .
"among clinton voters , only 16 percent said they would be satisfied if obama wins the party s top spot ."
but he made clear that no abuse would be tolerated .
"i am not really interested in all that kingdom culture , stuff that shows this was once the greatest kingdom city or something , said the veteran rocker who performed wild horses with the rolling stones last year in shanghai ."
"electromagnetic interference occurred in 14 patients , or 23 percent ."
"u . s . officials said the government also offered north korea three months to start dismantling its programs . in return , the north must provide a full listing of its nuclear activities , disable some dangerous materials and allow monitoring ."
"the bush administration has shunned syria , accusing it of fueling tensions in iraq and lebanon , and it assailed house speaker nancy pelosi for her visit last month to damascus ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn baton wielding police fought with lawyers outside courthouses in islamabad and lahore again tuesday , arresting dozens more as they enforced pakistani president pervez musharraf s crackdown on judicial activism ."
and it has eaten into their reserves .
the crash happened in the city of zibo in shandong province . the second train had been traveling from yantai to xuzhou .
militants holding five britons in iraq threatened in a video on tuesday to kill one of them in 10 days as a first warning unless britain withdrew its troops .
honda envisions the device being used by workers at auto or other factories .
"after taking a break from the elections , more congressional hearings this week on the nation s financial crisis"
"critics accused blair of centralizing power , bypassing lawmakers and being obsessed with celebrities and appearance ."
"the olympic delivery authority , coordinating construction for the 2012 games , said the fire was located within the olympic site , behind a bus depot . the fire sparked initial alarm in london ,"
"in a rally , newport news he called on supporters to get out the vote"
"the idea that we will always choose a person s well being over mission success , it sounds good , but it doesn t really turn out to be necessarily the way decisions always will be made ."
"some of the more than 2 , 000 people evacuated because of the flames are being allowed to return to their homes ."
"the film s director , stephen frears , has already suggested that he , mirren and screenwriter peter morgan would visit the queen at the palace next month ."
"also wednesday , a u . s . military spokesman in baghdad would not confirm recent military statements that iran s leadership is directing the production of an armor piercing explosive said to be supplied to extremists in iraq ."
"the couple star in the vh1 reality tv series hogan knows best , with their two children ."
more than 200 taleban fighters have been killed in a major offensive by afghan and nato forces in southern afghanistan .
south korea has a history of leniency toward corporate titans .
"about 60 to 200 miles overhead , the particles bump into the earth s atmosphere and become electrically excited throwing off light of various colors , said prof . dirk lummerzhein of the university of alaska , fairbanks ."
"edwards was concerned that the clinton storyline that obama can t win white , working class voters was becoming too damaging to obama and the party , aides said ."
hillary clinton and barack obama essentially tied for the lead in the democratic race in iowa and mitt romney and mike huckabee neck and neck in the republican race in the hawkeye state .
it is not clear if the u . s . and iraqi reports are about the same incident .
"berlin , germany cnn police discovered the bodies of three dead babies in a freezer of a single family home in western germany , and their mother is the only suspect in the case , authorities said monday ."
"crowe in his fourth picture with scott and dicaprio his first play well off each other , but it s a pity they re on opposite sides of the globe for most of the action ."
"11 terrorist attacks , ticket sales for the new york show faltered ."
"protests also are planned in london , and police said they were deploying about 2 , 000 officers to guard the torch as it makes its way along its 31 mile 50 kilometer route ."
"a day after he was bombarded with criticism from u . s . soldiers based in kuwait , rumsfeld promised more would be done to protect forces ."
"chau , also known as zhou zhengyi , was estimated by forbes to be worth us 320 million ."
"kenyan lawmakers unanimously approved a power sharing deal tuesday aimed at salvaging a country once seen as one of the most stable and prosperous in africa , bringing together two men whose dispute over the presidency unleashed weeks of deadly violence ."
"when they touched the first number , the other eight turned into white squares ."
"about 10 , 000 cars carrying 22 , 000 passengers were isolated on highways friday and saturday as more than 40 sections of the country s main expressways were blocked off for the first time in korean history ."
"the prizes include the money and an invitation to the prize ceremonies in stockholm and oslo on december 10 , the anniversary of nobel s death in 1896 ."
"chetumal , the capital of the mexican state of quintana roo , was largely empty monday evening , with little traffic in the streets ."
am i in heaven ?
launch director mike leinbach wished the crew good luck and godspeed just before liftoff .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
they seek to conceal their criminal activities by using third party computers as vehicles for their crimes .
the attack at the air base at anuradhapura began at 3 10 a . m . with rebels infiltrating the base in the country s north central province .
singapore airlines will begin fully scheduled a380 flights to sydney on sunday .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"1995 , will be the world s first large commercial airplane made mostly of carbon fiber composites , which are lighter , more durable and less prone to corrosion than aluminum ."
"shanghai , china cnn chinese energy conglomerate petrochina saw its shares triple in value in its trading debut monday in shanghai following an initial public offering that raised 8 . 94 billion a record for a mainland bourse ."
"cnn like most stories that end up with a man mowing his friend s lawn in a dress , it started out innocently enough ."
"the united states , threatening war to topple president saddam hussein because it believes he has weapons of mass destruction , says it wants his regime replaced by democracy ."
japanese scientists at the japan space elevator association are working seriously on the space elevator project .
"asked directly about chavez s latest taunts , bush refused to mention chavez by name , a common practice ."
"video showed the group , still in uniform , laughing and hugging family members ."
we want to keep the opening concert the following april exactly as solti had planned it .
"india s constitution outlaws caste based discrimination , and barriers have broken down in large cities ."
"fernandez , of the center left peronist movement , made her plea for comity a day after massive demonstrations in various cities blocked traffic and paralyzed much of the country ."
he was arrested and taken into custody .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"and remember , help control the pet population . have your pet spayed or neutered ."
"she would have been china s first judge on the body , which rules on trade disputes between wto member states ."
"the housing market collapse , credit crunch and strained labor market have all taken their toll on consumers spending ."
economist has proposed korea to pursue the redenomination .
"the unpredictable pop star was the talk of the weekend . people bragged about britney sightings , buzzed about what events she would attend and offered opinions on her chances for a comeback ."
she finally left her three year marriage and the flds church in 2004 after becoming pregnant with another man s child .
"death sentence , 20th century fox s revenge thriller starring kevin bacon , debuted at no . 8 with 5 . 2 million ."
"when you arrive , it s early morning in paris , but your body feels like it s midnight back home ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"despite a search stretching around the world and the support of celebrities like virgin chairman richard branson , author j . k . rowling , and soccer star david beckham , there have been no major breaks in the case ."
cambodian authorities have arrested two leading figures from the notorious 1970s khmer rouge regime and charged them with crimes against humanity .
"but some do better , at least in the short run"
most occurred after nato troops moved into the south early last summer .
"us envoy christopher hill is traveling to the region to discuss the next steps , and a senior chinese negotiator is heading to pyongyang next week aiming to kick start negotiations ."
"sanchez says he has no idea how the nail got there , but it has people talking ."
lloyd told good morning america that it was just sort of sinking in that his home was gone for good .
"i bring prayers to those who wonder whether they ll ever see a loved one again , bush said ."
the wingback crouched down and then fell to the ground after jogging back towards his own goal 35 minutes into the game at the sanchez pizjuan on saturday night .
the joong ang ilbo reports the draft law dictates that an exemption can be overturned by a court if it can be proved that illegal methods were used to avoid conscription .
"nearly 12 years ago , u . s . led forces drove iraqi occupiers from kuwait amid promises of political equality in kuwait , promises that made it easier to sell americans on a distant war to protect a tiny , wealthy autocracy ."
there are some pretty unusual sites on the las vegas strip .
"shortly afterward , repossi said fayed telephoned to say that he needed this ring for the end of august because at the beginning of september their engagement would be announced ."
"the reality is that a new election , devoid of violence and intimidation , is the only way to put zimbabwe right ."
"parking lots around the alamodome in san antonio , texas , were filled with 1 , 300 school and commercial buses poised to head south if dean s path threatens texas ."
the sea shepherd crew have been pursuing the japanese fleet with the aim of using direct action to disrupt the hunt .
"mccain s camp congratulated huckabee on the victories but with an air of confidence , saying that huckabee threatened only to chip away at mccain s substantial lead in the gop race for the presidential nomination ."
"prior to darwin s theory , published in on the origin of species in 1859 , it was accepted that man came from an archetype created by god , and was set apart from animals ."
"europe began feeling the effects of emma late friday night , according to deutchscher wetter dienst dwd , germany s national weather service ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the state government of baden wuerttemberg rejected his petition for financial assistance , and he entered bailout talks with several german banks ."
"but hayden and sen . lindsey graham , r south carolina , said the iraqis did not consult them before launching their offensive ."
"warren levinson with the mccain campaign , new york ."
the misses proved costly as germany went in front thanks to a 25 meter strike from new boy pander .
"but the militant group hamas said it was not helpful in solving the conflict in the middle east , arguing that blair s position mirrored those of the us and israel ."
south korean diplomats were hopeful about the group s fate .
it s more important for him than to win another gold medal .
"we are still waiting for the latest information about any passengers who may have been trapped , he said . it was too early to speculate on what caused the plane to erupt in flames , he added ."
the 2 year old daughter of tom cruise and katie holmes tops forbes . com s second annual list of hollywood s 10 hottest tots .
"according to interfax , penza deputy governor oleg melnichenko , who is leading the local effort to resolve the situation , said he was unaware of any deaths in the cave ."
"kang sung goo , secretary general of the south korean office of transparency international , a non governmental organization devoted to raising awareness of and combating corruption , says that while there have been positive developments , more needs to be done ."
the web site is an extension of obama s online strategy during the campaign .
they compared the number of hospitalizations for heart attacks 18 months before the policy went into effect and three years after implementation .
a holy grail for art and history lovers
"cnn another bore hole will be drilled in the utah mine where six miners were trapped nearly three weeks ago , said jack kuzar of the federal mine health and safety administration on sunday ."
"on monday , chirac said of iran and its nuclear program i would say that what is dangerous about this situation is not the fact of having a nuclear bomb ."
"right wing candidate nicolas sarkozy and socialist segolene royal will face off in a televised debate on may 2 , french tv reported , as high voter turnout on sunday pushed the pair into a runoff election for the french presidency ."
europe is set to send a probe to venus .
"the trails were left by three individuals who walked across a cooled but recent volcanic flow of rock fragments , ash and gases ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the reason that we used lindsay lohan is because she s had multiple duis that have been high profile , american beverage institute managing director sarah longwell told the associated press ."
"the whole purpose of the trip is to accelerate the pace of disaster relief , said ban spokeswoman michele montas ."
"i was asked to participate in a project funded by the dod to create the perfect mirror , fink told cnn ."
living in a cage in hong kong
the ap s warren levinson has more
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"he had stopped taking the medication three days before the competition , but small amounts were still detected ."
"i just wanted to wear comfortable clothes when i work , said yoo , 44 ."
"the cause is still under investigation but several downed power lines were found in the area , he said ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"bonds blast , which came four days after he reached the 750 homer landmark , was not enough to bring the giants a victory ."
police sources later revealed the incident took place at the lounge inn in southport and that the victim was the dj at the premises . gerrard was at the restaurant and bar
"allawi s office said the blast occurred at a police checkpoint near the headquarters of iraqi national accord , allawi s secular political party ."
"they are the arteries that keep mumbai s economy ticking , rattling 6 million people a day to offices , shops and factories ."
"given this level of spending , a possibly stronger yen and high input costs , japan s top automaker forecast a modest rise in profits for this year , joining its local rivals in providing cautious guidance ."
"many in the u . s . tech industry worry that not enough students are pursuing careers in engineering , math , and science ."
secretary of state colin powell said the united states was reviewing an offer by north korea to give up its missiles and nuclear facilities in exchange for substantial u . s . economic benefits .
"the shanghai composite index dropped by more than 7 percent on monday , dragged in part by investors concerns over the damage caused by the foul winter weather ."
"reagan scoffed at the assertions of his one time chief of staff don regan that the president and his wife , nancy , had relied on astrological advice in connection with reagan s stewardship of national affairs ."
"the cleric leading the standoff inside abdul rashid ghazi has said there are 1 , 900 still in the compound ."
a south korean civilian worker died in iraq after a steel can containing paint exploded .
president elect barack obama will introduce his budget director and talk more about the need to hold the line on some spending in chicago today .
"the bank s announcement , which followed last month s 1 . 5 percentage point cut , came as new figures showed uk house prices dropped at their fastest monthly rate for 16 years in november and new car sales were down 37 percent ."
"the change we seek swept through chesapeake and over the potomac , obama told supporters . tuesday night ."
"the iaea announced friday that a delegation led by olli heinonen , a deputy director general of the iaea , would travel to pyongyang on tuesday to prepare for the first inspection ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
kommersant said venezuela also was negotiating to buy 12 il 76 military transport aircraft .
the timing of the operation
china and the us two of the world s biggest polluters were among the nations that signed the statement of aspirational goal to restrain the rise of greenhouse gas emissions .
he expressed confidence in defeating the former seoul mayor lee whom he described as the candidate espousing distorted capitalism .
they also received individualized advice from a diet expert via weekly e mails and sent back exercise and food intake diaries .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
tourists sleep in while locals rise with the sun .
"the pro government uri party said chung s decision is regrettable , while the main opposition grand national party gnp hailed it ."
"according to the korea times , the comments come amid rampant speculation that the government is seeking to persuade north korean leader kim jong il to agree to a follow up to the june 2000 summit ."
"apparently , israel s part of its aerial attack against hamas positions , hit part of the un position over there ."
the summit is only the second between leaders of the two nations .
"under the agreement with britain , odyssey would share any finds with the british government ."
using a scalpel to cut off the tumor would also have been dangerous as the patient s tumor was attached to an important vein .
"police identified abdulla , 27 , as one of the two men who left two car bombs in central london last friday and rammed an explosives laden vehicle into a terminal at glasgow s airport on saturday ."
"the plane is useful in special forces operations because of its extremely low minimum speed it can fly as slowly as 48km h 30mph without stalling , according to aviation experts ."
"before heading back to town , be sure to order a hot chocolate at the restaurant adjacent to the parking area ."
"there have been media reports that washington was considering declaring some of the north s assets at a macau bank as legitimate , allowing the bank to end its freeze on some of north korea s us 24 million euro18 . 5 million held there ."
"he said , you know , we ve got billions and billions of dollars of high tech equipment floating in the mediterranean , off the coast of lebanon ."
"that sparked israeli air strikes near bureij refugee camp , which israel said targeted gunmen , but which left five children among 11 people killed ."
"a joint team from the national intelligence service and the defense security command is investigating a case in which 250 confidential documents of the defense acquisition program administration , outlining vital defense development projects , were recently posted on the internet ."
tokyo is worried that chinese operations could tap into reserves japan claims as its own .
"sturmgeist89 identified himself as auvinen , and said he chose the name sturmgeist because it means storm spirit in german ."
"then a few months later during campaigning for the presidential elections , ohmynews coverage caught the attention of many 20 and 30 year olds ."
"ramos horta , running as an independent , francisco guterres , a former guerrilla fighter and a member of alkatiri s fretilin party , and fernando de araujo of the democratic party , another resistance leader ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"treasury department designated banco delta asia as a primary money laundering concern , linking it to north korean counterfeiting and money laundering ."
"last night , the new first couple attended 10 inaugural balls ."
"shiites were persecuted under hussein , and they want to punish convicted members of the former regime ."
"washington will review its financial aid package to pakistan , its key anti terrorism ally , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said sunday ."
al shahristani said iraq s current oil production is about 2 . 5 million barrels per day and current export level is about 2 million barrels per day .
"elvis presley may have left the building , but the king of rock n roll lives on and on in the endless corridors of cyberspace ."
"satellite images show the runaway disintegration of a 160 square mile chunk in western antarctica , which started february 28 ."
"before wednesday s decision by new york , only a county in new jersey had tied a death to exposure to world trade center dust ."
"the buyout fund has denied all allegations leveled at it by prosecutors , calling them baseless and predicting it would win any court case ."
"between 2 , 000 and 3 , 000 rebel soldiers armed with rifles roamed n djamena s streets in pickup trucks , the spokesman said ."
obama says he and bush are united to fix economy
the former manchester united and real madrid midfielder said he was just rearranging his clothing around the ankle .
stock prices tumbled in a broad selloff as accounting scandals and poor prospects for earnings growth drove the s p 500 and the nasdaq composite to their lowest levels in five years .
foreign minister ban ki moon plans to meet japan s chief cabinet secretary shinzo abe in tokyo on wednesday to urge him to stop visiting the yasukuni war shrine .
"the number of newborn babies also dropped from to 476 , 052 from 493 , 471 ."
"patrick chinamasa , zimbabwe s justice minister , denied the mdc s allegations of intimidation and said tsvangirai was dropping out to avoid a humiliating defeat ."
"analysts say suicide attacks are rare in this area , and the bombing shows the reach of the insurgency is growing ."
"the police official said the man was detained for questioning , but could not confirm if he was arrested or charged ."
"fayed s father , mohamed al fayed , has claimed that the impending announcement of an engagement , and the princess alleged pregnancy , provoked a murderous plot against the couple directed by prince philip , the husband of queen elizabeth ii ."
"we couldn t have gotten everything accomplished without you guys , kelly replied ."
"corrections are under way at the habitat as the zoo prepares to reopen thursday , he said ."
"his son , wife linda and daughter brooke regularly appear on the show ."
whose showy brand of justice has raised charges of discrimination and civil rights abuses while making him a hero among fans of his tough on crime attitudes
"in the aftermath of a hurricane that devastated the southern regions of the united states last week , seoul pledged yesterday to send at least 30 million in relief funds ."
sunday s clashes were confined to mostly shiite areas .
"researchers say they have created a transgenic mouse with muscles like a marathoner , capable of enduring rigorous exercise for extended periods of time ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"besides , says peter , a benefits consultant , most men are scared to change ."
"a dry spell is only a problem if the couple thinks it is , he says ."
"gen . james cartwright , vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , told reporters at the pentagon that the window to accomplish the mission could begin in three to four days ."
"the won recovered to 1 , 014 . 00 won against the dollar , an increase of 15 . 20 won ."
"dine at the acclaimed oceanfront baleen restaurant , and spice things up with the tantra lovers island escape package"
"if confirmed , this would be the third time in a month pyongyang has fired missiles into waters off its coast ."
"caracas , venezuela cnn venezuelan police on sunday used water cannons and what appeared to be tear gas to break up thousands of demonstrators protesting the government s decision to close the country s most watched television station ."
consumers are getting a chance today to tell president barack obama of problems they ve had with credit card companies .
both tokyo and grand central claim a respectable 60 percent or so of lost items get back to their owners .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
south korea established its first ever permanent joint governmental office for economic cooperation in the north s border town of gaeseong .
"for beijing and other chinese cities , the issue is a special one because rural areas are more heavily populated than elsewhere in the country , she said in a telephone interview in august ."
"congress had confirmed pelosi s receipt of the letter , a labor official said friday ."
"rogers cowan , the publicity firm that represents cruise , issued a statement criticizing morton for not interviewing one person who has known or worked with tom in the past 25 years ."
"there may be times when quick and efficient transfers and check ins are what is most important from a excursion , but with the holiday season almost upon us , even the most hardened road warriors will be forgiven for thinking more about winding down for the year than business ."
"goldsmith , 73 , said she would never forget those words because they were the last she had heard from diana ."
"the operation is not without risk , he adds ."
"the trees are not organically grown , but the coalition says the measures help mitigate some of the environmental dangers of christmas tree farming , such as excessive use of pesticides and contribution to erosion ."
"we are prepared to strike them when the evil forces are planning their activities , he told xinhua ."
mourinho then brought on joe cole and salomon kalou for wright phillips and claude makelele respectively .
"as for the ads , frito lay grabbed the top spot in usa today s ad meter survey for the first time with its doritos ad , featuring an office worker using a crystal ball to free doritos from a vending machine"
"hu , who is 33 , was said to be collecting data on the detention of activists and has been under house arrest since july ."
there is late word that a total of more than 150 people are now dead in the series of highly co ordinated attacks the number increasing after commandos who storm the headquarters of an ultra orthodox jewish group found the bodies of five hostages inside .
"the quake was felt for two minutes , according to peruvian media . broken windows were reported in lima , and mobile phone service was interrupted ."
the paris leg of the olympic torch relay has been cut short following anti chinese protests along the route .
"in 42 years of u . s . human spaceflight , there had never been an accident during the descent to earth or landing ."
"if the obama stay at home vote is largely african american , that will affect democrats chances on the ballot in several southern states and could take states like virginia off the table completely , holland said . it might even hurt democrats in states where the party relies on heavy turnout in large urban areas , such as pennsylvania and ohio ."
"most of the money goes to iraq , which is costing the pentagon an estimated 2 billion a week ."
"mugabe s zanu pf party took 97 of the 210 seats , while the opposition mdc won 99 , final official results showed ."
"the emergence of the mobile phone and the rise of text messaging as a popular means of communication would appear to have impacted on standards of writing as evidenced in the responses of candidates , the report said , according to wednesday s irish times ."
"wall street opened more than 250 points lower on the housing news , but it s bounced back a bit since then and is currently off less than 25 points ."
the statement appeared to open up a fresh divide between north korea and the us .
"this is an experiment , but it s also an exciting opportunity for me to look at a computer and get a snapshot of what americans across the country care about ."
"sam alexis woods , daughter of tiger woods and his wife , elin cruz beckham , son of david and victoria beckham"
internal briefing papers prepared by the army s psychiatry consultant earlier this month show there were 89 confirmed suicides last year and 32 deaths that are suspected suicides and still under investigation .
"hleb made it 4 0 after 51 minutes , turning the slavia defense inside out down the left and drilling a low strike past vaniak ."
i am delighted to be here to participate in this conference .
obama s grandmother dies after battle with cancer
the senate bill approves 122bn in funds mostly for the wars in afghanistan and iraq but also orders the president to begin withdrawing troops from iraq within 120 days of passage of the bill .
but the polls also indicate there are still many undecided voters in both states .
"british prime minister tony blair and irish prime minister bertie ahern attended the swearing in ceremony at stormont , home to the northern ireland assembly , near belfast ."
the germans were in double figures with more than 10 minutes still to run when striker sandra smisek scored the 10th goal in the 79th minute .
now president barack obama is about to unveil the first ever national vehicle emissions limits .
"in five days of blazes , the destruction is so extensive authorities say they have no way of knowing how many acres have burned and how many people have been injured ."
"our partners are stuffing eastern europe with new weapons , putin said . what are we supposed to do ? we cannot just observe all this ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the magnetic strength of the headphones varies by brand and model , but the study found that 3 centimeters was a safe distance for all ."
"about half the 400 million drop in the projected population is a result of an expected increase in the number of deaths , primarily from aids , the forecast said ."
"packed with more features than a bond villain s base , including jet ski docks , indoor swimming pools , helicopter pads in some cases two helipads , jacuzzis and submarines , no expense is spared on these ocean going giants ."
"knight inlet , british columbia"
"they reportedly rescued 217 people , including 29 children ."
"murray made the crucial break in the fifth game of the first set , but needed all three break points before clinching a 3 2 lead ."
"we know that if a child is watching more than an hour of tv a day , we know there s a sexual scene in the content every 10 minutes , then they re getting a fair amount of sexual content , chandra said ."
"we ve shown that even an artillery projectile hurtling through the air at supersonic speed is no match for a laser , said army lt ."
"by october , the atmospheric region warms up and the hole begins to disappear ."
"the laws will apply in dozens of areas of downtown sydney including the city s landmark opera house , train stations and city parks that are designated venues for world youth day , a catholic evangelical festival at which pope benedict xvi will conduct mass and lead prayer meetings when he visits ."
"rochester , new hampshire cnn police took into custody a man they say walked into sen . hillary clinton s campaign office in rochester , new hampshire , and took several people hostage friday ."
29 suspected militants are said to have been killed .
"us troop levels in iraq are now due to be reduced by about 20 , 000 by july , but bush said after that , the drawdown process would be frozen ."
the expected slowdown in the u . s . economy a vital export market and higher oil prices also cloud asia s outlook .
"salvatore lo piccolo , sentenced to life in prison for murder and on the run since 1993 , was captured in a morning raid on a house in the countryside outside sicily s capital , palermo , police said ."
"in places like pennsylvania and florida , they generally approve of his handling of the economic crisis by a net 30 point margin , in that vicinity"
"in berlin , a spokeswoman for germany s foreign ministry confirmed the woman was in safety at the german embassy in kabul ."
living in a cage in hong kong
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the israeli cabinet has agreed to widen the country s ground offensive against hezbollah in southern lebanon .
"populations surrounding the mediterranean sea , such as greece , spain and italy , tend to eat these foods , and governments there have joined forces to apply for their diet to be placed on the united nations educational scientific and cultural organization s unesco heritage list ."
"and i want everybody to have the right and opportunity to improve their country , he told reporters after an appearance announcing his candidacy on nbc s meet the press ."
it appears to be domestic related .
"a friend , shawn saunders , told cnn , it s still hard to imagine the guy that i knew , that i used to hang out with , was capable of something like this ."
"when the government issued a 10 billion note just three weeks ago , it bought 20 loaves of bread ."
"takai was jubilant , saying it s going to be the only day like this in our lives and it is the only day like this in the history of america ."
zardari is studying history at christ church college and has three more years of his course to run .
"there is a bright spot for consumers , though ."
"he was found unconscious at the apartment and pronounced dead , the new york police department said , adding that pills were found near the body ."
"and in order to expedite the count , people were hired , predominantly non alaskan , who know little about us ."
manchester city said on thursday that they were backing an 81 . 6 million pounds 162 . 6 million takeover bid led by ousted thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra .
"lebanese christian opposition leader michel aoun said last week he could support the candidacy of lebanon s army chief , gen . michel sleiman , to become the country s new president ."
"monitoring and inspection of drug manufacturers would also be strengthened , li said ."
"presidential election results have yet to be declared , but the mdc said its leader had won the election ."
the bowed string instruments are coveted because of their beauty and superior sound qualities .
a los angeles court official has delayed the arraignment of anna nicole smith s lawyer turned boyfriend and a psychiatrist who treated the former model .
consumers are bombarded with warnings about identity theft .
and businesses continue to hemorrhage jobs .
"there were no immediate reports of injuries , but some protesters said they had been beaten by officers after marching two miles through the financial heart of south america s largest city just hours before bush was scheduled to arrive ."
"hurricane kyle is expected to blow past the coast of maine overnight , prompting the state s first hurricane watch in 17 years ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"paris ap rallying to salvage one of the world s most treasured troves of antiquities , unesco and the british museum on april 15 announced plans to send teams of experts to iraq to restore museums and artifacts ransacked in the aftermath of the u . s . led invasion ."
"they mayor of lancey , michigan made an appeal for federal help for the automotives today on cbs ."
the presidential committee on administrative capital relocation on wednesday announced the scale of the relocation of agencies to the planned new administrative capital along with a basic plan .
"these areas of the brain , while little known to most people , are helping scientists explain the physiological reasons behind why we feel what we feel when we fall in love ."
"ochoa has won six of 13 lpga tournaments this season while sorenstam , who ochoa surpassed last season to take the top spot , has three wins in her final year on the lpga tour before retirement ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the order targets captured al qaeda terrorists who have information on attack plans or the whereabouts of the group s senior leaders .
former hostages who spent time with betancourt say they believe she has hepatitis b and suffers from depression .
"and yes , where the beer is brewed rises from the forested foothills of the craggy range that forms the border with montenegro ."
"when you are looking at a cabinet and you have such a small number of women in the room when the big decisions are being made , there need to be a lot more women s voices in this administration , said kim gandy , president of the national organization for women ."
jerry miller smiled and the courtroom erupted into cheers after cook county circuit court judge diane g . cannon read the ruling that cleared him of all charges .
dadullah said the taliban did not regret standing by al qaeda .
"the solution is in the government s hands , and it is what all argentines are asking for , the statement said ."
the government is unlikely to abolish capital punishment despite the national human rights commission s recommendation to do so .
the animals are gone .
"in midtown new york the vacancy level is lower and rents generally higher , although in real terms rents will remain lower than 15 years ago ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
this unfortunate error breaks my heart .
"journalists in ghardaia , where most of the victims drowned , said none of them had seen the baby since it was saved ."
palestinians had urged israel to raze the synagogues and an official said on sunday they would do it themselves .
"south korean president roh moo hyun , in an address to his nation saturday called on the taliban to free the south korean , who he said were in afghanistan performing volunteer medical work in afghanistan ."
"in one protest , the windows of a department store were smashed ."
the three people who tested positive in ankara come from a town about one hour s drive from the city .
ethnic restaurants and supermarkets are commonplace in the united states .
"it hosts about 70 south korean manufacturers and employs nearly 24 , 000 north koreans , according to yonhap ."
"canberra , australia cnn koalas are threatened by the rising level of carbon dioxide pollution in the atmosphere because it saps nutrients from the eucalyptus leaves they feed on , a researcher said ."
"the sales increase came on lower house prices , suggesting to some economists that prices have now fallen far enough to lure some buyers into the market ."
"the exhibition takes the visitor on a chronological progression through a christian empire that was at the forefront of artistic innovation for more than 1 , 000 years ."
"the gharial , also known as the indian crocodile , was on the verge of extinction in the 1970s , but a government breeding program that has released several hundred into the wild has raised their numbers ."
"the avowed aim is to boost government efficiency , cut cost and turn the bureaucracy into a service oriented government ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"it was an absolute freak accident , kaplan said . all the piece of steel had to do was fall slightly left or right and nothing would have happened ."
"that helped him shed about 66 pounds 30 kg , but he has appeared overweight in recent pictures ."
"the 48 year old , who said he was getting his inspiration these days from prophets from the bible , added that he did not expect to be back in london performing for some time after the 2007 visit ."
the issue of apologizing for policies that helped make the continent s original inhabitants its most impoverished minority is a highly divisive one in australia .
uefa have to take their needs into account when making a final decision on the game .
"federer had glimpses of success , not least in the second set when he established a 4 0 lead after breaking nadal twice but his relative weakness on clay was exposed as his opponent rallied ."
"heineken results were better than expected . . . the strength of the company lies in the structural focus on premium volumes , which generate a higher margin than the average beer portfolio ,"
"when a wisconsin internet business stopped providing service , charter communications cable offered disconnected customers a chance to subscribe to its internet access without any pain ."
near the mystery piano
at the weekend box office
early exit poll results show democratic voters divided in mississippi .
the killings of several anti syrian figures have left lebanon s government with only a slim majority .
"middleton said the photograph was taken as a result of harassment , a press complaints commission spokesman said thursday ."
the government thinks a record number of people will line up for that vaccine this year .
"responding to clinton s comments during a conference call with reporters tuesday , obama said the senator from new york and former president clinton have been attacking me in ways that are not accurate ."
the nobel foundation said gfp can help with researching nerve cell damage during alzheimer s disease or insulin producing beta cells created in the pancreas of a growing embryo .
a close friend of harry s brother prince william was among those killed this month when a warrior troop carrier was destroyed .
"former arkansas governor mike huckabee , who also pinned his hopes on florida , was fourth , with 11 of votes counted ."
"a powerful dust storm on mars has worsened and is affecting the twin rovers operations on the red planet , mission scientists say ."
draft likely to be reduced
he s the guy who s weakened us . he s the guy that s increased the number of terrorists in the world . his policies have produced this vulnerability the united states has .
visitors from the country must currently apply for a visa in person at the u . s . embassy in seoul before they leave for the united states .
"he rose to fame in the 1950s with starring movie roles including ben hur , for which he won an oscar ."
life has forced shada to tap into a physical and emotional strength she did not know she possessed .
but not for everybody .
"russia has refused , citing its constitution , which forbids the extradition of russian citizens ."
"banks and businesses in taiwan , south korea , china and japan reported telephone and internet problems ."
"nsf s national nanotechnology initiative , which leads the u . s . government s efforts in the field , has been researching nanotechnology s potential environmental benefits ."
"the city of yangon , irrawaddy , pegu and the states of karen and mon ."
youtube community members can vote on their favorites beginning monday and concluding on friday .
"the united states is urging chinese restraint after days of violent protests in tibet , even as a deadline passed for anti chinese protesters to surrender ."
"george w . bush s ascent to the presidency was bigger than fiction , director oliver stone told larry king live monday night , describing his soon to be released biopic , w ."
"but dick raymond , the undersecretary of agriculture for food safety , said there was a remote probability that the meat from the hallmark westland meat packing company in chino , california , could cause illness in humans ."
the act is not thought to have been used against government critics since 2001 .
"ottawa , ohio cnn a british citizen who spent two decades on ohio s death row was released from jail monday after pleading no contest to three charges related to a fire that killed a 2 year old girl ."
"hillary clinton and barack obama haven t crossed paths yet during their weekend barnstorming across pennsylvania , but they have invoked each other s names at virtually every whistle stop during the final blitz before tuesday s primary ."
"due to reports of ballot shortages in cuyahoga and franklin counties , we requested a voting extension in those counties , said obama spokesman bill burton ."
people of working age infected with the hiv aids virus are costing the world s labor force at least 25 billion in annual productivity .
the same is not true in communist china .
"the u . s . had hundreds of years of commercial activity , while korea s had only a few ."
foreign minister rais yatim had wanted the women to carry a letter from parents verifying the reason for the journey .
i would like something futuristic if i was going up into space .
"so when the bush administration presented evidence to north korean leaders that their country was developing nuclear weapons , it expected the regime to lie about it ."
the package of measures unveiled yesterday involved a hike in ownership and capital gains taxes on owners of multiple homes and supplying more homes in southern seoul and its satellite cities .
"cnn 8212 kidnappings , rape , slavery and murder shadow the lives of children in strife torn countries , according to a united nations children s fund report ."
"philip alston , u . n . special rapporteur on extrajudicial killings , said soldiers were responsible for a significant number of extrajudicial killings ."
"supplies were running low at airport concessions for those enduring the wait , the seattle station said ."
"after being sworn in as your duly elected president of kenya , i will personally lead our country in promoting unity , tolerance , peace , and harmony among kenyans ."
russia s decision to begin shipping nuclear fuel to iran followed a u . s . intelligence report released earlier this month that concluded tehran had stopped its nuclear weapons program in late 2003 and had not resumed it since .
but las vegas police lt . clint nichols said interviews and searches including the seizure of two guns during the investigation contradict simpson s account .
"the grass valley fire , and the slide fire , each covering about 300 acres with no containment ."
"now , he is paid by the owners of hundreds of holiday homes across the valley for this cheap gift from the earth ."
"even when they don t have power , they turn on their generators and watch ."
experts say this is due to a lack of crematoriums as more and more people prefer cremation to the traditional burial .
"a u . n . spokesman , lt . col . didier rancher , confirmed the clashes but had no word on casualties ."
i said he d probably be about the fourth best quarterback in our conference .
"some of the discoveries are unique in europe , culture minister christine albanel said ."
the first set of files was made available to members of the public in may .
"whether iran proves to be responsible for that attack or not , al maliki said his country cannot be a proxy battleground for washington and tehran ."
three goals in a scintillating eight minute burst early in the first half swept alex ferguson s side towards the semifinals to face either bayern munich or ac milan and sustained their hopes of repeating their 1999 european and domestic treble .
"in congress , controlled by fernandez s forces , applauded as the 54 year old leader took her oath ."
"ethiopia s health ministry , along with unicef , monitors the health of thousands of children here , but the number of areas they have been able to regularly visit has been cut in half this year ."
us airway s jetliner has been pulled from the icy waters of the hudson river .
"beverly hills , california cnn hollywood stars fondly remembered merv griffin at his funeral friday , including gov . arnold schwarzenegger , who credited the creator of jeopardy ! and wheel of fortune with jump starting his own acting career ."
"guterres , who attended the briefing for reporters , said that while resettling refugees is very important , providing aid to neighboring countries so that refugees living there temporarily can live dignified lives is also critical ."
the source of the tomatoes responsible for the illnesses in at least 16 states has not been pinpointed .
"analyze each goal and figure out what skills you will gain , what new experiences you will have and whom you might meet ."
"the move , announced by interior minister nicolas sarkozy , allows local authorities to impose curfews and lets police perform raids without warrants ."
"defense secretary robert gates , in his first speech as pentagon chief , made an urgent call sunday for nato allies to live up to their promises to supply military and economic aid for afghanistan , saying that failing to do so would be shameful ."
"although he could see she was bleeding , he said she appeared to be in the best condition of anyone in the car ."
"president barack obama s top economic advisor says there s something wrong with aig insurance handing out billions of dollars in bonuses after taking 170 billion in federal bailout money , and losing more than 60 billion in one quarter ."
king solomon is known in the old testament for his wisdom and wealth and for building the first temple in jerusalem .
"according to burrell , the princess was still holding a candle for former boyfriend and heart surgeon hasnat khan who she called her soulmate when she started dating fayed on the rebound ."
italy s danilo napolitano spoilt alessandro petacchi s hopes of winning stage nine of the giro d italia in his home town on monday .
"this is a really special event for us , melroy said ."
news footage showed him hugging and shaking hands with people after he fled a house in the basra neighborhood of jabaliya .
mccormick said the study had not attempted to explain why the united states had fared badly .
"the korea times reports defense minister cho young kil told lawmakers the usfk commander would leave for washington on thursday to discuss related matters , including the question of whether the iraq bound u . s . troops will return to korea after their mission in the middle east ."
"four of the suspects were born in the former yugoslavia , one in turkey and one in jordan ."
birds amazing variety of beak styles is integral to the study of evolution .
"they just want to get money for it , kloner said ."
ap s bryant thomas reports that women who are married and in the military have an even tougher time .
"thousands of people enjoyed a laser light show in the capital kuala lumpur before the national flag was raised at midnight , re enacting the 1957 event ."
the victims were found in two vehicles .
"his wife victoria , better known as as posh spice of the spice girls , stayed on the sidelines during the event but still attracted a lot of attention in her pink dress and big black sunglasses ."
"a los angeles galaxy spokesman was unaware of the claims . i don t know anything about it , and won t have anything for you today , he said ."
"the jewelry is said to be worth 1 . 4 million , and the people who loaned it out want it back ."
"the foundation , in partnership with the united states rocket academy , has revived the teachers in space program originally run by u . s . space agency nasa ."
"there is something different about hating toronto . people are more passionate about it , filmmaker and co director albert nerenberg said in an interview ."
grizzly bear and gray wolf populations in parts of the northern rockies are considered stable enough by the government to survive without endangered species act protection .
south korean officials are condemning the beheading of a south korean hostage by iraqi militants .
golf s young bloods set to storm 2009
"he is also suspected of ordering the special unit codenamed mirim to get rid of two tapes containing information against him , and he is also accused of having taken advantage of illegally wiretapped information for his own interest ."
the platform was adopted at the republican party s national convention held in new york .
and that s how this happened .
"we believe that the existing number , with a slight addition , will do the job , but if there seems to be more need we will ask for more troops ."
"lee dong kwan , spokesman of the team , told reporters that the next government will seek alternative legislation replacing the current newspaper law to give press companies more autonomy ."
he said the most likely method of powering the elevator would be through the carbon nanotube cable .
"a south korean patrol boat was sunk that left at least four south korean sailors dead and 18 others injured , officials in seoul say ."
"debate is heating up over south korea s ongoing negotiations with the united states to take back wartime military command of its forces , which conservatives and former ministers argue could hurt the seoul washington alliance and threaten the nation s security ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
meanwhile ap business editor mark hamrick reports the fed is making more moves in the credit market .
the mobile tactical high energy laser mthel is being developed by trw for the army and the israeli defense ministry .
he says the spending package will spark the transformation america needs to stay economically competitive .
the taliban seized the group of 23 last month as they travelled by bus on the main highway from kandahar to kabul .
active members rate the pictures online without knowing anything else about the people in them .
the next two democratic contests are the wyoming caucuses on saturday and the mississippi primary on march 11 .
"on questioning , the patient stated that she had had a habit of eating her hair for many years a condition called trichophagia , they wrote ."
"team mates and medical staff immediately rushed to his side and were seen preventing him from swallowing his tongue as he lost consciousness , but he was able to walk from the pitch ."
"democratic leaders in congress are in favor of some kind of help , as is president elect obama ."
"the firebrand cleric s mandate came as a baghdad security spokesman announced that a ban on civilian vehicular traffic will go into effect monday , the fourth anniversary of the fall of baghdad ."
"in their third visit since the government revealed the laboratory tests early september , five officials from the international atomic energy agency iaea will look around two nuclear research facilities , possibly gathering additional samples and interviewing scientists ."
"the agriculture ministry has said 232 camels died in the space of four days in the dawasir valley , 250 miles south of riyadh ."
the military government is also reported to be holding monks in disused municipal buildings and even those citizens who applauded the monks during their demonstrations are being hunted down .
reports have suggested that pyongyang already may have as many as a dozen nuclear bombs .
the plan is not a quick fix .
the casualty toll could rise as rescue workers sifted through rubble for more victims .
"the korea times reports the ruling uri party and two minor oppositions , the democratic labor party dlp and the millennium democratic party mdp , agreed thursday to jointly submit a bill to abolish the national security law , the half century old anticommunist apparatus of the capitalist south korea ."
the us military has accused the highest levels of iran s government of supplying increasingly sophisticated roadside bombs to iraqi insurgents .
flying with the flu ?
wearing red may boost your sex appeal
president barack obama says the war in afghanistan isn t his war
korea to double african aid by . . .
the group supports secularism and freedom of expression .
"the delay , now almost four weeks long , has sparked local and international concern that mugabe is trying to rig the election ."
"as long as they don t do it , a lot , i don t really say anything ."
the shuttle is essentially a glider during the hour long decent from orbit toward the landing strip .
"he hopes to unveil a prototype in 2009 and a basic model will cost around 8 , 000 ."
this was despite the fact prices have risen 20 percent .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
gates would be joining a high profile national security team that is also expected to include a retired four star general .
"in exchange , galindo was to pay martinez 16 , 000 and provide him with 160 cases of beer , 100 cases of soda , 50 cases of gatorade , two cases of wine , and six cases of meat , greenfield police chief joe grebmeier told cnn ."
"islamabad , pakistan cnn al qaeda or one of its affiliates was probably behind an explosion outside the danish embassy in pakistan , denmark s intelligence service said tuesday ."
"but today , sunni tribal leaders in this town cooperate with u . s . forces in their battle against foreign fighters and al qaeda in iraq ."
"lopez alegria , the last out of the capsule , sighed with relief , smiled and talked to the support crew as doctors measured the men s vital signs ."
"it s a tale of homeland security concerns blocking wildlife management , and the hue and cry that ensues ."
"seoul , south korea cnn the co founder of myspace said he believes the popular online hangout is poised to succeed in south korea after closely scrutinizing u . s . internet services that have faced challenges making inroads here ."
de jesus preaches there is no devil and no sin .
"but the physical resemblance quickly sinks in , even without the long beard his father favors ."
but a source close to the band told the times ronnie and keith have been smoking on stage for the last three decades and they re not going to stop for the next two .
"a working group session on economic and energy cooperation will be held at the south korean embassy in beijing on thursday , the south s foreign ministry said tuesday ."
the navy divers entered the murky waters before dawn on tuesday to survey the search site and returned later in the morning to clear debris from the site .
"in a statement released to basque media , the group said its objective was now to start a new democratic process in the basque country ."
but foreign ministry spokesman shin bong kil said those plans will move forward .
"an array of objects associated with rulers dating from egypt s fourth dynasty into the late period about 2600 b . c . to 660 b . c . makes this the largest and most encyclopedic exhibit featuring egyptian pharaohs presented in the u . s . , according to exhibition curator david silverman , who has worked on other exhibits focusing on tutankhamun ."
"ashraf laidi , chief foreign exchange strategist for cmc markets in new york , said the announcement pushed the euro lower because it all but eliminated the chance for a rate cut by the fed before its next meeting ."
it was not immediately clear if a court could overturn joya s suspension .
how this debate plays out could determine whether this important industry survives
"the wall street journal , citing people familiar with the matter , said barclays was close to an agreement to sell what it described as a large stake to temasek and another investor to help back its bid for abn ."
it s time for a change .
"despite north korea backing away from part of the agreement yesterday , at the very least , it shows that patient diplomacy offers better prospects of progress than the stalemate resulting from the previous pattern of non negotiable demands by the united states and brinkmanship and cheating by pyongyang s erratic leader , kim jong il ."
hundreds of billions of dollars of taxpayer money is being used to prop up the financial industry .
"used to be , you had to wait 10 years after death to get your face on the stamp , unless you were a president ."
but there s a twist .
which has in the past been criticized for untruthful reports designed to boost viewer ratings ? quoted students saying that about 30 to 40 of their classmates paid for sex at a massage parlor in the basement of the hotel where they were staying .
"besides bear stearns , a number of investment banks , including morgan stanley , citigroup and merrill lynch had sought bailout funds from global investors and sovereign wealth funds ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
flying with the flu ?
"in ohio , clinton has a slight lead , because of the large number of union and blue collar workers and catholic voters , groups that , along with women and senior citizens , are considered her base ."
the vote of confidence from directors included former u . s . vice president al gore and google ceo eric schmidt .
"seoul , south korea cnn a north korean soldier defected across the demilitarized zone and sought asylum in south korea on sunday , according to a south korean defense ministry spokesman ."
"the head of the british army , chief of the general staff sir richard dannatt , said harry s deployment had been kept secret after striking an agreement with the media ."
"by the end of the day , it was clear we weren t going to be friends , she says ."
"spears must also spend eight hours a week working with a parenting coach who will observe her interactions with her children , according to the ruling released tuesday ."
the frank bill is specifically aimed at borrowers who are distressed because the value of their home has dropped .
"now , iraqi president saddam hussein has a pocket sized , white bound pamphlet filled with his words of wisdom ."
security forces are said to be using video recordings of the demonstrations to compile lists of activists for arrest .
"the moscow backed leader of the rebel region died of wounds 30 minutes after the explosion , and that col ."
a surprise visit today by the un secretary general .
it s a very great and hopeful sign .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
his lawyers tried to keep a confession tape encouraged by two female officers out of court .
"the letters , which cover more than 500 years and range across art , science , literature and philosophy , are to be auctioned by christie s in london on july 3 and are expected to raise up to 2 . 3 million pounds 4 . 6 million ."
milan could have been two goals up by half time after inzaghi shot weakly against the post in the 10th minute and later in the half floated a lob that beat goalkeeper david james but flicked the top of the bar .
following an overnight boost on wall street after the u . s .
loginova died on the scene from serious cranial injuries .
"yeah , we know each other pretty well , henin said after beating no . 15 dinara safina 6 0 6 2 at night . i know everyone was waiting for that match , and here we are ."
"people living in the camps are relatively safe , but there is danger for the women and young girls who leave the compounds in search of firewood to cook meals ."
"lahore police describe the building , where about 1 , 000 people work , as destroyed ."
no motive was given .
"the korea herald reports public discussion about redenomination cannot be delayed any longer quoting majority uri party s policy coordinator , lee kye ahn yesterday ."
"his name is whispered breathlessly between friends , but in a classic display of asian politeness , the only indication there is a genuine heartthrob in the room are a couple of poorly contained shrieks ."
"the midfielder currently has 107 caps to his name , one less than the current record for an outfield player , bobby moore ."
"they were also using techno savvy web sites such as twitter , google maps and flickr to share individual voting experiences , as well as monitor polling places across the country on tuesday ."
"group beer volume rose 8 . 5 percent in the first half , with consolidated volumes up 9 . 3 percent ."
"cnn 8212 authorities in a northern malaysian city have forbidden muslim women from wearing bright lipstick and noisy high heeled shoes , saying the directive is intended to prevent sexual assaults and illicit sex ."
the channel 4 program diana
the collection includes the only example of engravings of images found to date at the site
"a member of the prosecution then told the court katanga does indeed speak swahili because he spoke it with his guard while being transferred to court , but a member of the defense counsel said it is not the language katanga speaks best ."
he canceled yesterday his entire schedule for today .
"the papal plane , shepherd 1 , touched down at andrews air force base in maryland to cheers from a crowd of invited guests gathered for the event ."
the suspended nfl star did not attend the hearing in surry county circuit court .
"kick an enemy and it flies back 100 feet , taking down trees and walls with it ."
"saudi arabia , a nation considered friendly toward the united states , also is a tier 3 country ."
"it also reiterates concerns at north korea s abduction of foreigners , referring mostly to kidnapped japanese citizens , and calls for their immediate return ."
cnn a passenger who landed at tokyo s narita airport over the weekend has ended up with a surprise souvenir courtesy of customs officials a package of cannabis .
beckham has joined milan for three months from los angeles galaxy and hopes that his italian job will help him reclaim a place in fabio capello s england squad .
"the husband and wife had been living together in the house in a village in the prey veng province of southern cambodia , roughly 50 miles 80 km from the capital ."
"he also called on several groups countries bordering iraq , customs officials , police and art dealers to do all they could to block the trading of stolen antiquities ."
selling hair on the internet is just one of those unusual methods .
"working in hollywood was difficult , especially acting in english which , says lee , made it harder for him to focus on his emotions and expressions ."
"he is riding to raise money for yuma s crossroads mission , which provides shelter , meals , showers and clothing to the homeless ."
"pittsburgh , pennsylvania cnn it was a serious contribution to the electronic lexicon ."
the head of cycling s world governing body opposes retesting further samples to check for the blood boosting drug found among four tour de france riders .
"president roh moo hyun instructed authorities to set up a body at an early date to deal with the recent controversy involving the tokto islets in the east sea , chong wa dae spokesman kim man soo said monday ."
"eventually , manjhi was issued a birth certificate with just her father s name on it ."
"valerie plame is suing cheney , his ex aide lewis libby and presidential adviser karl rove , saying they tried to destroy her career ."
"last october , hijackers wanting to send a message to pope benedict seized control of a turkish airlines plane flying from the albanian capital tirana to istanbul and forced it to land in brindisi , southern italy . turkish authorities have been on alert following increased attacks by kurdish separatist guerrillas in southeast turkey ."
the two just couldn t be closer
we want to keep the poor elephants off city roads .
"that indicates ayumu was better at taking in the whole pattern of numbers at a glance , the researchers wrote ."
"could it be otherwise with 10 people , including a 2 and 4 year old , crowded into a rented four bedroom condo trying to eat breakfast and get ready to ski at the same time ?"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the two countries agreed last year to expand the complex .
"elections , originally set for mid january , had been suspended along with the country s constitution after musharraf declared a state of emergency on saturday ."
"the state government of baden wuerttemberg rejected his petition for financial assistance , and he entered bailout talks with several german banks ."
planned parenthood says an increasing number of countries worldwide are making spreading hiv a crime .
black resigned as chairman and chief executive officer of hollinger in 2004 after an internal investigation into shareholders complaints that he and other executives were lining their pockets with company funds .
flying with the flu ?
"in recent days , china has ratcheted up its claims that a clique loyal to exiled spiritual leader , the dalai lama , is behind the violence in tibet ."
the collection includes the only example of engravings of images found to date at the site
the bush administration has rejected direct talks with damascus and criticized pelosi for her visit .
"he was wrong when he said he would sit down across the table from ahmadinejad , chavez and the castro brothers ."
"more than 11 inches of snow was on the ground monday morning in portland , cnn affiliate kgw tv reported , an amount not seen since 1968 ."
cnn it appears the global food crisis can be averted .
"with condon out of the race , scorsese s path to oscar victory could prove a bit easier ."
"researchers at massachusetts general hospital prescribed clonidine , a hypertension drug , for children with a certain attention deficit disorder ."
"all other things being equal , i expect to meet most current and , as far as possible , future commitments but will discuss things with the various organisers , he continues ."
"it was not persuasive to regina nicolosi , a program coordinator for roman catholic womenpriests , who was ordained two years ago ."
"if the data on the copier s disk aren t protected with encryption or an overwrite mechanism , and if someone with malicious motives gets access to the machine , industry experts say sensitive information from original documents could get into the wrong hands ."
"while kremlin leaders have traditionally been buried in red square , in another break from the past , the former russian leader was laid to rest at the novodevichye cemetery on the banks of the moskva river ."
meeting the fcc s demand for callers location information has been excruciatingly difficult .
interfax said the flight was carrying 164 russian nationals .
"raman said that the fighting appeared to have died down late saturday , with reports that the lebanese military was gaining control of sections of the camp ."
"mark smith , at the white house ."
"as it stands now , hong kong residents don t have the right to vote for the territory s leader , known as the chief executive ."
the study suggests democrats successfully took over congress last year amid a growing frustration with the president s iraq war strategy .
"gonul on sunday assured u . s . defense secretary robert gates that ankara would not to carry out an imminent ground incursion , but he did not abandon the possibility of sending turkish troops into northern iraq , which gonul called a safe haven for pkk rebels ."
it s really too bad this wonderful anarchy is swamped by the movie s noisy inconsequence .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"those who surrender and provide information on other lawbreakers will be exempt from punishment , xinhua quoted a police notice as saying ."
campus police attendant rhonda swindle says investigators know who opened fire on the two young students .
katrina darrell was cut during the group round last night in american idol on fox .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"jokela high school was closed for the rest of the week , but some of the 460 students gathered there overnight and into thursday , crying and lighting candles for the victims ."
"cnn turkish warplanes sunday carried out a new round of attacks against kurdish rebel positions in northern iraq , iraq s deputy minister of kurdish regional government forces said ."
don t lie
"easily accessible via a 10 minute ferry ride from the city , it s now advertised as the harbor s jewel and touted as a green park for its solar powered facilities and compost toilet system ."
"carter told the bbc that britain s support made it more difficult for critics of the war , and that things could have been different if britain spoke out against the 2003 invasion ."
danish authorities said tuesday they have arrested three people who allegedly were plotting a terror related assassination of a cartoonist whose drawing of the prophet mohammed sparked rage in the muslim world two years ago .
"the antiballistic missiles would be designed to intercept low flying short and medium range ballistics such as scud , frog and nodong missiles , he added ."
"the children have been living in an orphanage in abeche , in eastern chad , since late october ."
"he has been holding on to these cases because he wants to make sure that the justice is served and the due process is complete . he personally does not like executions , but afghan law asks for it , and he will obey the laws , he said ."
the company running the plant has said none of the leaks are harmful to people or the environment .
"damascus , syria cnn sitting in a room with the top hamas leader a man israel would prefer dead is not an easy feeling , knowing that at any second a missile could shatter the building , killing everyone inside , myself included ."
"iraq s parliament called a special session for friday to address the crisis caused by three days of fighting between government troops and shiite fighters . meanwhile , shiite cleric muqtada al sadr called for an end to attacks on his followers ."
"the russian built mi 8 helicopter was owned by a bulgarian company , heli air , and chartered by skylink , a north american company ."
"in the scorched earth attacks , poisonous gas and chemicals were used against the kurds ."
"the tibetan spiritual leader , the dalai lama , says he is considering breaking with centuries of tradition and naming his own successor ."
police estimated the suspects were between 20 and 30 years old .
"those comments seemed to set a different tone than on tuesday in south korea , where he said the company was not ruling out alternative partnerships after the failure to buy yahoo ."
"sens . barack obama and hillary clinton hit each other hard monday , a day before contests in north carolina and indiana that could break the deadlock over who will be the democratic nominee for president ."
"increasingly , the attitude is , if i m up , why aren t you ?"
"christopher hill , assistant secretary of state for east asian and pacific affairs , told a news conference in washington on tuesday that he had no concrete plans to visit pyongyang but there will be preparatory discussions among the countries working to end the north korean nuclear standoff ."
cerberus chairman john snow said cerberus plans to keep chrysler s management team in place and give it the freedom to implement its restructuring plan .
envoys from taiwan and china approved a plan to hold periodic high level talks tuesday during a meeting on a trade agreement that could help ease the threat of war between the rivals .
"a number of european nations and congressional republicans have been critical of the administration s stimulus plans , which are running in the trillions of dollars ."
"when he returned , byford talked with gadiesh about the importance of true north ."
"the makah tribe has more than 1 , 000 members and is based in neah bay ."
"a study published wednesday in the new england journal of medicine estimates that 151 , 000 iraqis died of violent causes between march 2003 , when the war began , and june 2006 ."
"a team of five specialists from airbus is being dispatched to the site . people in a civilian vessel saw the crash take place off the coast near perpignan , the french government official said ."
korea ranked only 34th for quality of life .
the one laptop per child non profit headed up by mit s nicholas negroponte is coming up against its self imposed deadline of may 31 to secure three million orders for its little green computers .
"on saturday night , we took the voluntary decision to suspend all production here at our pirbright center , said david biland , managing director for pharmaceutical company merial animal health ."
"president roh , korea should be a stabilizer for east asia ."
"we will not accept any compromises of a government that does not accept the basic principles of the quartet , he said , adding , we will cooperate with any government that accepts these principles ."
the u . s . department of agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating 15 billion worth of crops each year in the united states .
"in uganda , floods killed 21 people since august , said deputy police spokeswoman judith nabakoba ."
the chief u . n . nuclear inspector headed to north korea on tuesday for talks on how to implement a landmark nuclear disarmament agreement after playing down expectations that his trip heralded the communist country s rapid disarmament .
"if the sprinter can get his first offense erased , it would likely result in a two year ban that would expire this may , a month before the u . s . olympic trials ."
"this is what happened to barbara , who asked that her last name not be used for fear of retribution from other doctors in her small town ."
it wants manufacturers to be responsible for recycling and take back old machines when they sell new models .
a belgian confectionist has created the special chocolate bar containing high levels of flavonoids a plant compound that has been shown to reduce heart risk factors to be used in the experiment .
"both fires are being driven by strong santa ana winds , officials said ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
he called the election two years early after enacting constitutional changes that hand the lower house more powers such as naming the prime minister .
"the riots began sunday night , after two teenagers on a motorcycle were killed in a collision with a police car in the town of villiers le bel , the val d oise police prefecture reported late monday ."
"08 a . m . tuesday et , according to the colombian institute of geology and mining ."
"giant squid grow up to 39 feet long , but are not as heavy as colossal squid ."
"the korea times reports that veteran financier david eldon , the only foreign national on president elect lee myung bak s transition committee , said sunday that south korea should take a more friendly attitude toward foreign investors to attract investment ."
owners either have to move to dog unfriendly accommodation or can no longer afford to care for the animal after losing their job .
lowe says the proposal to sell the pc through retail channels led to the decision to go with an open architecture .
"family members of a korean american businessman , indicted in south korea in a financial scandal he claimed involved the country s front running presidential candidate , suddenly canceled a news conference wednesday that they said they would provide proof of the candidate s guilt ."
"another 56 have been wounded , emergency medical services reported ."
"yoo was sworn in on april 30 , this time in suit and tie ."
"federal judges ruled it would be wrong for the bush administration to continue to hold them , since they are no longer considered enemy combatants ."
"the bachelor , brooks said , is just there to give them something to root about ."
"london , england cnn british police will take no legal action against grammy award winning singer amy winehouse , who was arrested last week for drug offenses , her spokeswoman said thursday ."
"scientists have discovered methane in mars atmosphere , raising the possibility that life might exist on the planet ."
a 50 ton bowhead whale caught off the alaskan coast last month had a weapon fragment embedded in its neck that showed it survived a similar hunt more than a century ago .
the police announced on thursday that two men had been arrested and would appear in court on friday on charges of murder .
korea to double african aid by . . .
this week s talks on the financial issue preceded a new round of nuclear negotiations set to resume next week .
"the countries have a history of animosity stemming from disputes over territory , wartime history and a regional rivalry , but yasuo fukuda s four day visit his first as prime minister follows several friendly meetings between leaders and a chinese warship s historic port call to japan ."
intend to come back to dubai next year and hopefully have a great tournament .
"monday s meeting was a historic formality , but it was also a time for serious talks ."
"there is a state of emergency but there is nothing called emergency government , youssef said ."
"but for shay nowick , whose friend asked nowick to be a bridesmaid at her wedding , it was the beginning of the end of their friendship ."
"the 16 were being held in the eastern chadian city of abeche and were expected to be transferred to the capital , n djamena , later in the week , vincent said ."
"phnom penh , cambodia cnn cambodia s u . n . backed genocide tribunal arrested the former khmer rouge head of state and charged him monday with crimes against humanity and war crimes , a spokesman said ."
"they removed an ear bone , the otolith , which contains growth rings similar to rings in the trunks of trees ."
"at an international conference in italy , rice was forced to reject prime minster fouad siniora s pleas for a cease fire so that israel could damage the militant group hezbollah s capability ."
"frankly , i would prefer it if people kept things cheerful , because i think there s time for at least a few more books yet ."
"before the shopping storm , topshop big boss philip green maintained the calm , shooing reporters away so he could personally escort moss to see her collection on the store racks for the first time ."
the idea of sending teachers to space was conceived in the 1980s by u . s . president reagan .
the press conference continued . they don t know where it came from .
"acute gum disease increases the amount of hs crp in the bloodstream , which is a natural response to inflammation caused by injury or infection ."
"in an article posted on its web site wednesday night , the new york times said the monday interview was tape recorded and on the record ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the democrats co wrote the letter with the major opposition labor party .
"however , a visa is still required for long term stays and work ."
"we get a mix of people those that are familiar with ayurveda , as well as those who are just curious and want to give it a try , said silvia mot , manager at the taj spa in mumbai ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the wedding ceremony is likely to anger conservative members of the anglican communion , a loose knit worldwide christian grouping which includes the u . s . episcopal church ."
"north korea is not a threat to attack south korea , but its ability to ship weapons to hostile countries or terrorists is a danger , u . s ."
madame tussauds berlin museum is scheduled to open on july 9 .
"while many scientists once thought that only lighter greenhouse gases , such as carbon dioxide , could travel across the earth , they now say that aerosol clouds can too ."
"asha s family in amman , jordan , is distraught and has not heard anything from the british embassy or from london , his older brother , ahmed asha , said ."
"heston was born john charles carter in evanston , illinois , on october . 4 , 1924 ."
a 2006 surgeon general report concluded that exposure of adults to secondhand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the cardiovascular system and causes coronary heart disease and lung cancer .
fruit drink
"according to mattel s uk office , the online version of the popular board game was created by a third party organization based in india ."
"saudi arabia could have helped the united states prevent al qaeda s 2001 attacks on new york and washington if american officials had consulted saudi authorities in a credible way , the kingdom s former ambassador said in a documentary aired thursday ."
"yoo , who is 56 , was indicted in january on charges of embezzling 24 . 3 billion won , evading 2 . 1 billion won in taxes and colluding with other lone star executives to manipulate the stock price of keb s credit card unit keb credit service co ."
"although most seats will not be decided until next week s second round , polling firms said mr sarkozy s ump party would win at least 383 of the 577 seats ."
"the plan would amount to a steroid boost for the federal housing administration , a program conceived to help poor people buy homes that is now being used as a subprime mortgage lifeline ."
"the government condemns every attempt to interfere with the ceremony for the lighting of the olympic flame through actions that have no relation at all with the olympic spirit , said evangelos antonaros , greece s junior government spokesman ."
"from the trunk , organizers pulled out some of the objects buried to celebrate oklahoma s 50 years of statehood a 5 gallon can of leaded gasoline , which went for 24 cents a gallon in those days , and rusted cans of schlitz beer ."
"we want the designers to offer some clothes that are a little bit more robust , she also told cnn , and we certainly don t want people under the age of 16 to be modeling ."
the appointment of chung has been a controversial issue within the korean music scene .
tepco is considering restarting six mothballed thermal power plants to meet demand over the summer .
web sites associated with those names will not actually appear in browsers until a later stage in testing .
"the team hoped to persuade the insurgents to free without condition the christian volunteers they kidnapped from a bus 10 days ago in ghazni , south of kabul ."
"people who follow obama online have become a community that the president elect can tap into , said andrew raseij , founder of techpresident . com , a web site that tracked the online operations of the 2008 presidential campaigns ."
"experts said the hackers appeared to disguise their origin , but vast amounts of rogue data in the attacks were traced to south korea ."
"another outsider looking to become a serious force is china . since a rankings high of 37 in the world in 1998 , china has plummeted to sit at 98th ."
"in april , frazer accused mugabe , who has ruled zimbabwe for nearly three decades , of trying to steal the election and intimidating the population and election officials as well ."
"the two sides also agreed to dispatch a battalion of 350 soldiers to lebanon on a peacekeeping mission , as well as to extend the presence of medical and engineering units in afghanistan for another year ."
"higher taxes on alcohol can make a night out more expensive but could save lives , according to a study released thursday ."
"his younger brother shahbaz sharif , who was chief minister , or top executive , of punjab province , is charged with ordering police to kill five men in lahore in 1998 ."
the goods
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"roughly a third of trains to the paris suburbs and 68 percent of national mainline corail trains were running monday , routier said ."
"the court said the city illegally issued the certificates and performed the ceremonies , since state law defines marriage as a union between a man and woman . the justices separately decided with a 5 2 vote to nullify the 3 , 995 marriages peformed between feb ."
the researchers studied 158 women who developed rheumatoid arthritis during that period .
the net number of jobs lost in 2008 was nearly 2 million .
"we have 4 people confirmed dead at this location , one person at another location ."
"steven hall , a british national who was hurt in the blaze , told cnn that flames began to spread along the ceiling above the stage where a band and dj were performing . but some people appeared to believe that it was part of the performance ."
"a yellow carpet , resembling the film s yellow brick road , led them to the stage ."
"back to the president for a moment , talking to the cabinet this morning about the reworked bailout plan that has the government buying into nine big banks ."
the first ever communication test to set up their permanent hotline comes two days after military officials from the two koreas signed an agreement on concrete measures to prevent any recurrence of naval skirmishes and ease tension along the world s last cold war frontier .
"signing off , the star says i m tom hanks , i wrote and approved this message , and i m now going to turn off the camera ."
"officials had advised thousands of households to evacuate , while around 4 , 200 people fled to evacuation centers on their own ."
"cialella then approached the family from the left side of the aisle and shot the father , who was not identified , as he was standing between cialella and his family , according to the police report ."
the spat between spain s king and venezuela s leftist dictator took a new turn as hugo chavez asked if the monarch had advance knowledge of a 2002 coup .
the long struggling pageant had promised a new look for this year s beauty battle .
is putting on a name tag effective ?
"on a large stage , children dressed in costumes representing iraq s many ethnic and religious groups kurds , turkmen , yazidis , christians , arab muslims not defined as sunni or shiite"
"brown said he wanted to start a serious debate about the issue of organ donation , which remains contentious especially among many faith groups and patients rights bodies who argue the decision should be left to the patients and their families alone ."
"graz assembly members condemned schwarzenegger s support for the death penalty , which is illegal in austria , and called for the city stadium bearing his name to be renamed ."
lone star funds cancellation last week of its planned sale of korea exchange bank to kookmin bank has triggered a renewed debate on whether the prosecution s probe into the u . s . private equity group is scaring away foreign investment .
"hilla police said five mosques have been bombed in babil province , three on thursday and two on wednesday ."
"it s an astonishing development , given that she has no role in national domestic policy and is a first term governor of a state almost 4 , 500 miles from washington ."
bush also addressed a sunday incident in which iraqi journalist muntadhar al zaidi threw a shoe at him during a news conference with prime minister nuri al maliki .
"the device scanned a 240 million pixel image using 13 light spectrums , including ultra violet and infrared ."
"philip markoff allegedly lured them into hotels to rob them , killing one woman who fought back ."
"south korea saw the talks as an opportunity to bring the north back to the stalled international talks , but the north was reluctant to go beyond the economic aid offered from the south , shunning discussion on the nuclear issue , south korean officials said ."
"rob sandler comforted his infant son as he lifted him out of the crib , cooing in his ear while he walked to the living room ."
"the last time that federer lost two matches in a row was in 2003 when he fell in the third round at hamburg , then the first round at the french open ."
"the doha tournament featured eight players divided into two groups , with the top two in each group advancing to the elimination stage ."
"while secretary rumsfeld and i have had our differences , he deserves americans respect and gratitude for his many years of public service , mccain said last year when rumsfeld stepped down ."
"an initial probe of a brazilian plane crash that killed nearly 200 people suggests the airliner s pilot tried to abort a landing , an official said wednesday ."
the petition said the center s effective functioning is at stake as the atlantic hurricane season heads toward its peak .
"david martin was bitten as he swam in the pacific ocean off solana beach , 14 miles north of san diego ."
"he started with a shotgun , then turned to a pistol ."
"they mayor of lancey , michigan made an appeal for federal help for the automotives today on cbs ."
"but it took some solace from the victory of the small parties , which it seeks to ally with before the december presidential election ."
"these incidents have exposed serious problems in the production and distribution of medicines , the information times cited one of the plaintiffs lawyers as saying in the hearing that began on monday ."
"a moveon . org political advertisement that criticized the top u . s . commander in iraq was disgusting , president bush said thursday , accusing democrats of being afraid to criticize the anti war group ."
"during his two months in power , cuban president raul castro has implemented a series of changes affecting life in cuba in a variety of ways ."
"mccain raised 11 million in february , compared with 55 million for sen . barack obama and 34 . 5 million for sen . hillary clinton ."
"japanese officials have begun looking for clues as to how a packed commuter train derailed , causing the country s worst rail tragedy in 42 years ."
"in a press release , the network announced that 24 s premiere , set for january , was being postponed to ensure that the seventh season can air uninterrupted , in its entirety ."
gm and chrysler say they need a total of 11 billion in federal loans this month .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"democratic senator john testor agrees , saying there s no way taxpayer money should ve been used for the bonuses"
"beijing has come under fire for continuing to support the sudanese government , which rights groups hold responsible for atrocities in the darfur region ."
"in these frenzied , media saturated times , the lure of a simpler past is more powerful than ever ."
it is indisputable that the taliban are testing our determination .
"the korea times reports detention of yoo hoe won , ceo of lone star advisor korea , came after former lone star executives shin dong hoon and woo byung ik were grilled by prosecutors ."
"three democrats and two republicans are virtually tied at the top , according to the latest cnn opinion research corp . poll , and last minute decisions from undecided voters could push a candidate to the head of the pack ."
"prosecutors say lo piccolo , who is in his 60s , was vying to become cosa nostra s top boss with another fugitive , matteo messina denaro , a younger boss from western sicily ."
"an additional 27 days will be posted in the near future , the archives said ."
"cnn colombia s main rebel group , the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc , has released a video of an abducted congressman as proof the politician is alive ."
"but it has said the offer stands should the italian government and unions want to accept it . berlusconi , who won monday s national elections , has been pushing"
"news of the resignation , coming just before a parliamentary debate on the issue , took many analysts by surprise ."
"county residents unable to get to their designated polling places because of bad weather were given the option of casting provisional ballots tuesday in steubenville , the county seat , at the offices of the board of elections , officials said ."
"prior to the book s selection , east of eden had averaged annual sales of around 40 , 000 copies ."
"instead , the film concludes with pictures of personal effects said to belong to the missing soldiers , including credit cards , a cross and cash , cnn said ."
"some of these crews have worked out very well , said zubrin , president of the mars society , a 7 , 000 member multinational group determined to reach what it calls the new world . others were at each other s throats ."
"the north agreed last week to return to the international disarmament negotiations which also include china , russia , the united states and south korea in the first easing of tension after its oct ."
sapa also reported that the right reverend rubin philip reiterated the call for government action on crime .
"it has about 400 members across japan , according to news reports ."
"the customer recognized a female with kid rock s party and exchanged words with her , parish said ."
disaster officials in the philippines said three people drowned in flooding caused by sepat and parts of the capital and surrounding provinces remained under water .
why in the height of my career ?
but anyone can enjoy his views .
"china paid for the reconstruction of grenada s stadium , which was destroyed by hurricane ivan in 2004 , and some 500 chinese workers helped rebuild the venue in time to host cricket world cup matches in april ."
"xinhua reported monday that 160 locations in lhasa were burned by rioters , including banks , a press establishment , shops , schools and hospitals ."
"police also say they believe the men identified as doctors khalid ahmed and bilal abdulla were behind two car bombing attempts in london a day earlier , the sources said ."
the department said it is severing ties between banco delta asia and the u . s . financial system because of its alleged money laundering for north korea .
"many of these dissident groups have been online for a decade , and they haven t really subverted anything ."
"the machine doesn t come with a built in optical drive for reading cds and dvds , a feature jobs says consumers won t miss because they can download movies and music over the internet and access the optical drives on other pcs and macs to install new software ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2859276 for people seeking u . s . passports , faster service is getting slower ."
"as the night wears on , there are fewer tourists clicking photos and more locals singing along ."
"for royal , the debate represented a last chance to overhaul the frontrunner sarkozy , who has weathered constant opposition accusations that he is overly aggressive ."
"the us and china have also been part of the talks , which have been stalled for a year ."
"cafes , nightclubs and restaurants are to be given until january 2008 to adapt , said dominique de villepin ."
"a pakistani daily paper , the news , reported that the suspected us strike was aimed at libi and another senior figure , obaidah al masri ."
"in a statement released to the media , clooney said this is the first i ve heard of it . and while i very much believe in a patients right to privacy , i would hope that this could be settled without suspending medical workers ."
"the u . s . military delivered to taiwan electrical fuses for an intercontinental ballistic missile , raising concerns about relations between the u . s . and china ."
"if she wins , royal will become france s first woman president ."
"jones team mates on the 4x400m squad were jearl miles clark , monique hennagan , latasha colander richardson and andrea anderson ."
"personnel cuts would be negotiated with the papers unions , hunke said ."
"that s what it s about . and walton s take on rhino , the creation of his pal and character designer joe moshier , was certainly memorable ."
"brown said that because there is no forthcoming co operation , then action has to be taken ."
"the first homes in brad pitt s make it right rebuilding project are complete , and some three years after hurricane katrina devastated new orleans , lousiana , 68 year old grandmother gloria guy was on hand to give the actor a big hug ."
draft likely to be reduced
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
this is one of the greatest adventures in business history .
south korean officials dismissed as groundless a news report that the united states has warned its allies that north korea may be ready to carry out an underground nuclear test as early as june .
"a wave of arson and rioting left more than 200 people dead , including a dozen children , in the western indian state of gujarat ."
park geun hye elected as the grand national party s new leader .
clinton responded when did i say that and to whom did i say that ?
"everyone s becoming more aware of this technology and what it can do , said sarah parcak , an archaeologist who heads the laboratory for global health at the university of alabama at birmingham . there is so much to learn ."
position which is that washington believes there is evidence the country is trying to develop nuclear weapons .
"president bush plans to visit russian president vladimir putin in the russian coastal town of sochi next month at putin s invitation , national security adviser stephen hadley told reporters wednesday ."
"last year , the michelin guide s first foray into tokyo left the city with some 190 michelin stars , compared with 95 in paris and 50 in london and new york ."
a succession of efforts to overhaul the service has since failed due to conflicting interests of different medical sectors .
"baghdad , iraq cnn a suicide attack in iraq s parliament building on thursday killed eight people , including two iraqi lawmakers , and wounded 20 , u . s . and iraqi officials said ."
"the united states , iraq and other countries have been calling on turkey to refrain from a cross border campaign , which could throw one of the few stable areas in iraq into chaos ."
"to our knowledge the next plan of the tibet independence forces is to organize suicide squads to launch violent attacks , wu heping , spokesman for china s ministry of public security , said at a news conference , according to a translation of his remarks by the associated press ."
"he said china , russia and saudi arabia had raised most objections during the night to a 21 page summary which makes clear that the poor will suffer most ."
norway have dropped plans to bid for the 2018 winter olympics after new estimates doubled the projected cost of hosting the games in the arctic city of tromsoe .
"small protests have started in the capital , islamabad , where police and security forces are on the streets surrounding key sites ."
"if the threat of war were to escalate too far , the economy could shrink this year instead of growing at 5 . 7 percent as forecast by the central bank , he said ."
"there is a national responsibility that the federal government needs to deal with , he said . if you live in georgia and want to see a grizzly bear , you come to idaho or montana or wyoming ."
ronaldo dismisses new link with real madrid
zardari said dictatorship feeds extremism and went on to accuse the united states of supporting dictators .
"at this point , i d rather it takes so much time , and there s just other things i d rather be doing , said pitt , who soon turns 44 , during the course of a freewheeling interview ."
"hundreds of people gathered at munsan station to cheer the five carriage train as it set off on the 25km trip to kaesong , across the heavily armed border ."
"fta , said tuesday the americans will eventually achieve their goal of obtaining trade terms favorable to the us as soon as possible ."
"the nearby piccadilly circus underground train station was open , but exit restrictions were in place , the police said ."
"the first british leader to visit sudan since independence from london in 1956 , blair took a tough approach with bashir and his officials but said rebel groups must come to the table too ."
"the benchmark kospi closed down 65 . 22 points , or 3 . 85 percent , at 1627 . 19 , while the tech heavy kosdaq market shed 19 . 26 points , or 2 . 95 percent , finishing at 634 . 52 ."
"seoul , south korea ap north korea repeated its demand during talks with the united states this week that washington lift financial restrictions targeting the communist regime , a pro pyongyang newspaper reported on thursday , after the meetings ended without a clear breakthrough ."
"through the first half of june , total auto sales in the u . s . were running at an annualized rate of about 12 . 5 million vehicles , according to j . d . power associates ."
cardinal law resigned as archbishop of boston in 2002 following accusations that he covered up sexual abuse of children by priests .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the rally comes two days after the junta extended suu kyi s house arrest for a fifth year .
"though 78 percent of men ages 75 to 85 had a spouse or other intimate relationship , the figure for women of the same age range was 40 percent ."
the crew members were later released after the pirates received a ransom for them .
"it provides access to android market , which lets third party companies offer applications to users ."
"wen stressed the need for an fta in a meeting with south korean correspondents in beijing last week ahead of his two day visit to seoul , which will be followed by a trip to japan ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"in addition to abdulla , police also arrested dr . mohammed asha , a jordanian educated physician who moved to england two years ago , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation ."
gordon s late free throws seal bulls 101 98 win over cavaliers
jane fonda back on broadway for 33 variations
odinga has openly appealed to them to vote out the incumbent so they can share the wealth .
"without volunteers , researchers would need years to wade through the photographs , which were taken automatically by a massive digital camera mounted onto a telescope at the apache point observatory near sunspot , new mexico , nichol said ."
"cast member chas licciardello got out of the car dressed in a white tunic and cap and wearing a long , fake , osama bin laden style beard ."
south korea ranked 26th in a world quality of life report issued by the united nations development program undp on tuesday .
"the koreans should put pressure on kabul on this , for there is the risk that at any moment , any time something can happen to the hostages ."
that could lead to tighter lending standards and contribute to an overall slowdown .
"the main drivers of inflation were food prices that jumped 6 . 4 percent over the year , transport costs that rose 5 . 9 percent and housing , which rose 5 . 7 percent , eurostat said ."
"markets in asia , unnerved by the dow jones s eight percent 1 trillion fall wednesday , continued the downward slide ."
"his creation , the big red buck , was selected for exhibit in the 3rd international art prize arte laguna , october 18 november 2 , mogliano veneto , italy ."
"my daughter has wanted a house and to get out of a mobile home for a long time , he said , and i think she just got it ."
he acknowledged his government had not always lived up to high expectations but said he had been very blessed to lead the greatest nation on earth .
"once home , the surf s up until bedtime at 1 a . m ."
"the u . s . and iranian ambassadors to iraq will meet this week to discuss security issues in the war torn country , a senior bush administration official said sunday ."
u . s . and iraqi forces also discovered some bomb making material according to officials .
"the poll asked whether the country is ready for a black or female president , not whether respondents would vote for a black or female president ."
the state transit agency told the english language newspaper jakarta post that it hopes the unique approach will deter passengers riding illegally on rooftops .
"he and the baby , dannielynn , reside in the bahamas ."
"it doesn t fit with the steven he knew , larrison said ."
"the first fire has destroyed several structures , including about 30 mobile homes in the lopez canyon area , said los angeles county fire inspector sam padilla ."
"i am going to make every possible effort to cooperate with him , the prime minister said ."
"unlike comparable laws in the united states and japan , however , the bill does not include provisions for imposing sanctions on north korea ."
"mclaren has raced and tested on spanish circuits for many years and everyone connected with the team regards spain and spanish people with great affection , lewis included ."
"the law , under consideration now for more than a year , has divided political parties with the christian democrats staunchly opposed to legislation and the socialist liberal green coalition supporting it ."
"chris in our view is still innocent , so it is still too bad that he got zero for that 10 percent , said nora loreto , president of the ryerson students union ."
tourists comprise the other audience arizona wants to win over .
the mission was originally scheduled for mid march but a hailstorm damaged the shuttle s fuel tank and the launch was pushed back to june to allow time for needed repairs .
"well , you know , the buzzword for it is neoconism , scowcroft said on cnn earlier this month ."
"in russia , trading in shares was suspended after the rts stock index fell more than 15 percent ."
cbs was pleased to hear the news .
"rather , the former anchorman of the cbs evening news , is seeking 20 million in compensatory damages and 50 million in punitive damages ."
oil closed near 135 a barrel on friday almost double the price a year ago .
"currents can be induced in long electrical transmission lines , causing blackouts ."
"according to the ministry of health and welfare , about 26 . 1 percent of males drink more than a bottle of soju at a time , which is regarded as high risk drinking ."
the real growth in round the clock operations has been in the service sector .
"once installed on the laptop , the software shows a live shot of what the robot s camera sees , various behavioral options and the robot s battery levels ."
but wallinger meticulously reproduced everything from haw s weather beaten poster decrying president bush and british prime minister tony blair as baby killers to the demonstrator s tarpaulin shelter and tea making area .
a furious crowd surrounded the police station in rio bonito and reportedly tried to lynch her .
"she has a young son , aurelien , from a relationship with philosophy professor raphael enthoven ."
"he later delivered the traditional christmas address in st . peter s square , sending christmas greetings in languages including english , spanish , lithuanian , ukrainian , slovak and many others ."
many in hong kong donated money and supplies to the demonstrators .
"police in lahore lifted the house arrest against opposition leader benazir bhutto friday , allowing the former prime minister to go free for the first time since tuesday ."
his life was a testament to his message
"brown disputes her claim , saying he s been involved in their daughter s life and was her"
mdc leader morgan tsvangirai said wednesday from johannesburg we intend to take part with the full confidence of the support of the people of zimbabwe .
the tsa stopped short of banning the toys in carry on bags but suggested travelers place them in checked luggage .
"one third of men didn t bother to wash after using the bathroom , compared with 12 percent of women , said the researchers who spy on people in public restrooms ."
"even so , enforcing the ban may prove tricky in a country well known for its cafe culture ."
"more than 150 rockets have been launched into israeli territory since the campaign began , israel defense forces said ."
"the plane hit an icy patch while turning onto a runway , and slid sideways into the grass ."
the vote put bush on the defensive going into a far more consequential confrontation over paying for the plan .
"officials originally reported an armed man had seized eight hostages , quickly releasing five ."
"at least seven of those killed were police officers , the police official said ."
"the party s defeat is also expected to ignite intra party and bi partisan debates on the possible regrouping of politicians late this year ahead of the presidential election slated for december next year , political observers said ."
"the fires have scorched at least 212 , 000 acres , according to the joint information center , a coalition of state and federal agencies ."
"the two u . s . aid flights that arrived tuesday carried water , blankets , plastic sheets , mosquito nets and other relief supplies , the u . s . military said ."
"chalfie grew up in chicago , illinois , and received his ph . d . in neurobiology from harvard university in 1977 ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
the aging but hardy rovers have been exploring mars for 3 years far outlasting their primary three month mission .
"in the afternoon session , for the attempted murder charge , she kept her eyes straight ahead ."
"you see what president bush did , see what , see what he did , though , to keep from being hit ?"
"in the early 1960s , a young psychologist at yale began what became one of the most widely recognized experiments in his field ."
"tony burman , the editor and chief of cbc , said the broadcaster s bureau in kandahar obtained the video friday through a contact ."
the government has long rejected allegations of torture of political prisoners .
"about 1 , 700 yuan 200 for the whole village , zhang told cnn ."
kraft says the cars are comfortably heated and there is ample room to move around .
"germany , with its strong educational and intellectual tradition , occupies 19th place out of the 24 nations , just behind the united states in 18th place ."
"a black clad man armed with a rifle opened fire on worshippers at a colorado springs , colorado , megachurch sunday afternoon , wounding several people , church and hospital officials reported ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the two projects are flagships of the two koreas business cooperation .
"burris was on the cbs early show , saying he ll try to take the seat given to him by the embattled illinois governor today ."
morning after reaction to the second presidential debate
philippine president gloria arroyo has said her country is unlikely to sign a new asean charter unless burma frees the opposition leader aung san suu kyi .
carl crawford of the tampa bay devil rays and victor martinez of the cleveland indians hit conventional homers for
"but a few months before manjhi was born , the couple divorced ."
"for example , it said land to grow wheat could almost disappear in africa ."
the metropolitan police investigated after receiving a copy of the video from the sun .
paying for sex with trafficked or exploited women would become a crime under new laws proposed by the uk government wednesday .
"and while enya won t commit to the idea of taking her tunes on the road , she does hint at the possibility ."
"diane fan thinks i have a smug smile , and i don t know her , and i don t know what i did to her ."
the new seven wonders of the world were named saturday following an online vote that generated server crushing traffic in its final hours . the final tally produced this list of the world s top human built wonders
"the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia agreed in a joint statement issued on sept . 19 to convene a fifth round of the nuclear talks in beijing sometime in early november ."
"among countries that use the euro , it raised its growth forecast for the first quarter from 0 . 4 to 0 . 5 ."
"though paramedics tried to revive him at his office and en route to lynchburg general hospital , those very timely and very efficient and effective efforts were unsuccessful , godwin said ."
"erakat told cnn his team is open to discussing land swaps , meaning that if israel takes parts of the west bank , then the palestinian authority could take parts of israel for a future state ."
five black water security contractors have just surrendered to federal authorities .
"the prosecution said it will appeal to the supreme court on friday , and later to the constitutional court , to review the court s refusal to approve the arrest of the head of lone star s seoul office on stock manipulation and tax evasion charges ."
"the nbc series set in a chicago emergency room debuted in 1994 and became a huge hit , making a star of george clooney ."
"laurean has been charged with first degree murder in the death of lance cpl . maria lauterbach , although authorities have not positively identified the body as hers ."
"britain s military denied newspaper reports on thursday that it was banning prince harry from serving in combat in iraq , but acknowledged his deployment was under review ."
"in the last two weeks there have been multiple reports of taliban fighters impersonating anp afghanistan national police officers and establishing illegal check points to kidnap and terrorize local afghan civilians , the statement said ."
"it goes , what do bill clinton and new zealand have in common ?"
"services are not expected to be disrupted , but passengers alighting in paris will be unable to make connections ."
"those states have high concentrations of voters who have been strong clinton supporters latinos in texas , and blue collar workers in ohio and pennsylvania ."
"the talks come amid improving ties , with the north finally shutting down its yongbyon nuclear reactor last week ."
"under british law , inquests are held when someone dies unexpectedly , violently or of unknown"
the cia s actions in destroying the evidence tapes are currently the subject of three different investigations .
mccain trails obama by some 8 percentage points in the latest ap yahoo news poll .
"but there is going to be time when we have to get into specifics , and i have heard not every speech he has given obviously , but they are singularly lacking in specifics , and that s when as the campaign moves forward , we will be portraying very stark differences ."
"cecil beaton s pictures they re very important to me , she was quoted as saying after her session with the queen , who leaves on thursday for her first official visit to the united states for 16 years ."
"los angeles , california cnn the truth is finally out there about the new x files movie title ."
"the two agencies , which together will choose a final plan by jan . 31 , instructed the architects who unveiled their designs wednesday to plan for 6 . 5 million to 10 million square feet of office space on the 16 acre site ."
the method has alarmed officials because of the danger that bystanders can be hurt .
time may be running out for polar bears as global warming melts the ice beneath their paws .
"but chavez accused the network of helping to incite a failed coup in 2002 , violating broadcast laws and poisoning venezuelans with programming that promoted capitalism ."
"we are confident that it will be technically feasible to achieve a reliable neanderthal genome sequence , paabo and his researchers reported ."
spitzer built his career on rooting out public corruption and became a national figure with a series of high profile wall street investigations
"iran was a major topic wednesday during cnn correspondent michael ware s wide ranging , exclusive interview with al maliki ."
my position is that it would be difficult to hold an inter korean summit unless some sort of conclusion is reached at the six party talks .
obama calls for dramatic action
"the goal in the next phase , the assistant secretary of state said , is complete dismantlement , but that could take as long as five years ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
gazprom responded by saying they were not to blame .
the children were so distressed and time and time again were . . . pushed back into the ring to keep fighting each other when they clearly didn t want to .
"however , we were shocked that they also changed the victim s sentence to be six months in prison and 200 lashes ."
"on average people are spending a little more this year , but ellen davis with the national retail federation says stores aren t out of the woods yet ."
"a roadside bomb wounded four people when it exploded near kindi hospital in northeastern baghdad , the official said ."
"sen . hillary clinton fared better with voters who made up their mind in the last week , the exit polls showed ."
"the financial turmoil is more severe than the 1997 asian financial crisis , he said ."
authorities think the two incidents are related .
"investigators allege the men parked two cars packed with explosives outside a pub and a nightclub in central london , then drove six hours north to scotland to carry out the airport attack ."
the driver opened the doors of the vehicle after the migrants banged on the walls but he fled on foot when he saw what had happened .
bush administration officials say they re still looking at different ways of saving the auto industry .
"the family did not know the cause of death , but relatives think it might have been a heart problem , he said ."
"the attack on wednesday killed two u . s . soldiers and wounded 38 at camp victory , which is near baghdad international airport ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"despite fierce protests from korean people , shimane prefectural council endorsed the measure making feb ."
the tour continues in dublin on saturday .
the incident triggered a miles long traffic jam as police and ambulances scrambled to reach the scene .
"french president jacques chirac , who has been an outspoken opponent of the u . s . led war in iraq , called the u . s . a steadfast friend and ally ."
the development prompted president gen . pervez musharraf and prime minister shaukat aziz to congratulate the scientists and engineers involved in the project .
"stress starts to melt away as you step off the ferry onto this washington island , just one hour north of seattle ."
fa chairman david triesman said on tuesday it is impossible to know the true health of the clubs because their finances are not public .
"police officers approached all of them with guns drawn , the lawsuit said ."
"but in a statement , it said all emmy judges are required to sign a confidentiality agreement ."
15 anniversary of the 1945 end of world war ii .
"the melee moved to an elevator and then to the lobby , where the couple threw metal planters at the two guests of the other party , causing minor injuries , police charged ."
"president elect lee myung bak announced the nominees for his first cabinet on monday , undeterred by an ongoing conflict with a rival party over his controversial plan to close five central ministries ."
initial reports indicated it may have been sparked by a short circuit in the blue disco on the building s second floor .
cnn was unable to confirm the report .
"he was trying to get a rise out of my father , she said ."
"it certainly is reasonable for us to assume that cho was the shooter in both places , but we don t have the evidence to take us there at this particular point in time , flaherty said ."
"currently , the mandate calls for the mission to play a leading role in helping the government with its electoral machinery and constitutional development ."
"some may deny the surge is working , but among the terrorists there is no doubt . al qaeda is on the run in iraq , and this enemy will be defeated , he is expected to say ."
they found mickey mantle outrunning the wind in northeast oklahoma .
the u . s . geological survey measured the quake s magnitude at 6 . 2 .
"all we need is love , another said ."
and he indicated that troop level adjustments must be based on prevailing conditions .
"your mercedes wasn t enough , you brats ."
his shenyang based company also was building a dutch themed housing development .
"the joong ang ilbo reports lee myung bak , still seeking an alliance with the woman who has so far been his toughest foe in the race for president , declared in public yesterday that he wanted to earn park geun hye s trust and that it was his fault the two were rivals ."
"six years ago , the federal communications commission ordered phone companies to make it possible by 2005 ."
in 1995 there were mass protests in okinawa after us troops gang raped a 12 year old girl an incident which raised concerns for the future of the us japan security alliance .
"france s cac 40 slipped 0 . 3 percent to 5 , 506 . 78 and germany s dax declined 0 . 3 percent to 7 , 786 ."
"he calls on internet users and developers to share responsibility for making the internet available , secure , affordable and accessible to everyone ."
in return idi amin was asked to remain silent and out of politics . it was a bargain he kept up to his death in 2003 at age 78 .
scores of police blocked streets around congress for the inauguration attended by fellow south american presidents .
"the law , which came into force on july 1 , prohibits smoking in public indoor places ."
"however , south korea will not be bound by those figures if the u . s . security reform bill becomes law ."
"their goal was to create styles aimed at the growing number of women entering the career force , according to ap ."
"as for schools , the mayor of mexico city says health officials need to finish inspecting them before students can return to class ."
"cameron was punched in the head , stomach and chest , and whipped with a belt from tuesday to wednesday evening , o meara said ."
she left court shaking her head in disbelief and desperate to escape an arena which had turned into her own personal torture chamber .
my number one priority coming in is making sure that we ve got an economic recovery plan that is equal to the task .
"with 81 percent of republican precincts reporting , mccain held a 36 31 percent lead over former massachusetts gov . mitt romney ."
"one of them bae hyung kyu , 42 , a pastor at the church attended by the hostages and the leader of their group was shot and killed ."
"if not tuesday , i think it will be fairly soon , he said sunday on abc s this week ."
"however , south korean refineries raised profits by deciding consumer prices based on the most recent international crude oil prices despite their oil reserves , they argue . the korea times reports major south korean oil refineries and gas stations are enjoying increasing profits despite surging international crude oil prices ."
"tony mokbel , known as fat tony , is being held in an athens jail and australian police said on wednesday they would seek his extradition to complete a nine year minimum jail sentence for trafficking cocaine ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
flying with the flu ?
"the funds at the small macau lender banco delta asia have become a key sticking point in six party negotiations to close north korea s nuclear programs . the money was to be released last month , but disputes over the accounts have stalled the process ."
flying with the flu ?
"north korea s foreign ministry announced late yesterday evening that the six party talks , initially scheduled to resume this week , could resume in the week of sept ."
"instead , work today has become more central than ever to people s lives , providing personal fulfillment and a sense of community , as well as a paycheck ."
"the cloud 9 is still a prototype , but it wasn t developed on a whim ."
the bbc reports former president kim dae jung has said he is unhappy with the results of an official report into his abduction from tokyo in 1973 .
deputy assistant commissioner peter clarke said he was absolutely confident of uncovering details of the attackers methods and network .
a terror plot against jewish synagogues in new york has been broken up .
"kazmierczak worked on a research project concerning mental health clinics under him , he said ."
the voting session marked the end of tumultuous weeks of debate between the rival parties as major bills involving controversial subjects were at stake .
"barclay , 34 , was told about the wedding earlier in the year and assumed it was to take place in 2007 ."
several mccain advisers have suggested to cnn that they have become increasingly frustrated with what one aide described as palin going rogue .
his body was never identified .
a small newborn who s going to be a big child will grow faster in the first two years than a big baby who s going to be a small child .
"other tv winners included richard shepard for comedy directing on the pilot episode of ugly betty , jon cassar for drama directing for an episode of 24 , and chicago filmmaker rob marshall for musical variety directing for tony bennett"
william hill spokesman graham sharpe said the bookmakers could face a payout in the tens of millions of pounds if extra terrestrial life was found .
"new jersey lawmakers are demonstrating sound judgment in abandoning capital punishment after learning of its costs , the pain it causes victims families , and the risks the death penalty poses to innocent lives ."
an earlier study of mice exposed to mobile phone radiation conducted by the institute in the mid 1990s found a two fold increase in lymphoma in genetically modified mice .
"also are receiving increased scrutiny . obama s transition team is reviewing hundreds of bush s executive orders , according to john podesta , obama s transition co chair ."
"as investors look for help , members of congress are taking a look at what caused the chain of events that forced the bailout of aig ."
"in the world s richest countries , total spending for health care for each person is almost 2 , 000 dollars a year ."
"in an interview broadcast sunday with abc s this week , pelosi noted that the resolution would make the u . s . the 24th country to label the killings a genocide ."
prime minister thaksin shinawatra called the poll in a bid to silence calls for his resignation .
the hybrid s co2 figure is 126 g km .
"spaniard nadal , coming off a 7 6 6 4 win over andy murray on thursday , was slow to nalbandian s groundstrokes and broken in the third game . a double fault in the fifth game set up another break chance for nalbandian , whose forehand clipped the net to skip beyond nadal"
"they apparently rode japan s bullet train to kumamoto , but it was unclear where they lived ."
the oil rich uae began auctioning off vanity license plates last may .
is this a market place ?
he said they adopted their third daughter in the mid 1980s when she was 18 days old .
and the new political symbol
bus ride
no margin of error was given .
"that rising tide of petrodollars lifted a chinese company , sinopec no . 17 , into the top 20 for the first time ."
"all apologies , but here we are now , 17 years after nirvana s breakthrough album irreversibly changed music , and the naked baby pictured on its cover is still chasing dollars ."
do whatever it takes to end crime
it was not immediately clear whether fujimori would be eligible to register as a candidate .
"analyst john mcelroy says that if the government doesn t help , things don t look good for the big 3 u . s . automakers ."
airport fire official marco ghimenti told sky tg 24 tv that passengers left the plane through a door and an emergency chute .
the taliban have extended the deadline for another 24 hours until to 1430 gmt 10
"about 20 performers , who dreamed of joining the circus as kids , got their chance monday during clown tryouts in new york for ringling brothers barnum and bailey circus ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the blast killed one afghan truck driver and wounded three coalition soldiers , it said ."
"the prank calls row has already claimed the scalp of brand , who resigned wednesday ."
"i feel like i m supporting who she is . at the 5 , 500 square foot brick and mortar boutique , fans can buy o apparel , umbrellas , coffee mugs , baby bibs and pet collars ."
it s got those tires that do what your feet do for you .
what miss lohan did that night was extremely dangerous and reprehensible .
experts fear the remaining healthy animals could become extinct within the next two decades if they are not isolated from the disease .
the 50 year old opposition leader has been ahead of howard in polls for most of the year .
"another way is simply to ignore the problem on the idea that no one has the right , has the standing , to sue to stop her from being secretary of state ."
"ferguson also has setbacks to deal with , though , with ireland s john o shea and scot darren fletcher facing layoffs after being hurt in midweek internationals ."
having clinton as his top diplomat turns a once bitter rivalry into a high profile union a goodwill gesture after a heated primary fight .
"it s hugely popular , and the government wants to get credit for it , especially with local and national elections coming next year ."
"at the finish line , there will be massage therapists like lexon allison ."
it s more about public relations propaganda .
"the death of david rattray , a friend of britain s prince charles and an expert on the 1879 anglo zulu war , has put south africa s high rate of violent crime in the spotlight again ."
"what will i promise , they laugh , to get them to stop what they re doing long enough to get that perfect holiday card shot on top of a ski mountain , clustered around a giant turtle in the galapagos islands , or on the boat they re sailing in the british virgin islands ?"
police raided the house and office of hanwha group chairman kim seung youn yesterday as they struggle to secure evidence to charge him for alleged involvement in battering six bar employees in retaliation for an attack on his son .
"the paper praised clinton s chief rival , sen . barack obama , but called clinton more qualified for the job ."
"the polls bolstered two minority parties the people first party and the democratic party , which each won a constituency in their political bastions ."
federer praised djokovic s performance .
a red cross spokeswoman in the badly damaged town of gizo said food and medical aid was arriving but many people were still camping in the hills .
living in a cage in hong kong
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"within hours , medvedev named putin as prime minister , according to the itar tass news agency ."
"the others are former central bank chairman viktor gerashchenko and eduard limonov , a provocative writer who heads the banned national bolshevik party ."
tens of thousands of afghans died during the years of civil conflict that followed the soviet occupation .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the opposition grand national party gnp candidate has a sizeable lead on his two rivals for the top job , polls suggest ."
"down in the polls , sen . john mccain on monday called on pennsylvania to help him score an upset over sen . barack obama ."
"evacuations also were reported from the provincial capital of legazpi and nearby daraga township , cedric daep , executive officer of the albay disaster office , said ."
and sharif asked sarcastically
"i should rather have paid attention to what i was saying and understood that perhaps i was on the record , chirac said in the second interview on tuesday , according to the new york times ."
the pm called the election boycotted by the three main opposition parties to try to end protests against him .
mercedes will unveil its four wheel drive all activity vehicle next year .
"the french riviera festival s 12 day lineup was considered the weakest in recent memory , and many critics favored lars von trier s dark , challenging drama dogville , which did not win any prizes ."
this might seem a subject too narrow for the generalist .
"he added that kennedy was resting comfortably , and watching the red sox game with his family ."
about 30 cabinet ministers and top south korean businessmen were accompanying roh .
"joachim von braun , the director of the washington based research group , said food prices have been in a declining trend since scientists began developing high yield plant varieties decades ago , but the days of falling food prices may be over ."
"the unprecedented unplanned power outages must now be treated as a national electricity emergency situation that has to be addressed with urgent , vigorous and coordinated actions , public enterprise minister alec erwin told journalists ."
"the united states , china , south korea , japan and russia have been holding talks with north korean officials since 2002 in an effort to convince pyongyang to give up its nuclear weapons program . read full story"
"just the thought of . sex has bloggers predicting an auction frenzy , as almost any word in any language could become a domain name extension ."
"they also found the bodies of kiuchi s 4 year old granddaughter , 75 year old wife , 49 year old son and 44 year old daughter in law , he said ."
lee s elder brother was one of tens of thousands of taiwanese drafted into the japanese military during colonial rule .
the us said 104 insurgents were killed and 759 anti iraqi elements captured .
"the korea herald reports it also falls amid a pivotal timeframe in the country s political arena with the unprecedented impeachment of the president , roh moo hyun , and at a time in which pending bilateral issues , including the realignment of u . s . troops in korea , are mounting ."
the answer is
"nadal , the defending indian wells champion , avenged his lopsided loss in melbourne with a scrappy 6 7 7 6 7 5 victory in the fourth round of the pacific life open ."
"sixty nine miners have been trapped in a flooded central chinese coal mine operating above its design capacity , state media reported on monday ."
"rodriguez gerada , 42 , is a cuban born american who grew up in north plainfield , new jersey , near new york , and now lives in barcelona ."
"coast guard officials created a 1 , 000 yard safety zone around the injured whale , which was shot about a mile east of neah bay in the strait of juan de fuca ."
the new white house pet will follow in the paw steps of a menagerie of animals that have had the run of 1600 pennsylvania avenue over the years .
there were about 20 farmers in town .
president bill clinton has unveiled a 3 . 5 billion five year program called empowerment zones which is designed to revive america s troubled inner cities .
"thomas mitchell , a 75 year old musician and ex royal air force code breaker , and his composer and pianist son stuart , described the piece as frozen music ."
asian markets fell sharply monday after wall street declined at the end of last week on renewed concerns about u . s . mortgage problems .
"japanese equity markets are in turmoil , with the key nikkei 225 average plunging to levels not seen for almost 19 years ."
"korea ranked first in the world in 11 social , economic and technology categories but was only 34th for quality of life ."
"and long anticipated change from the current rules , under which you can cross the border with either a passport , passport card or a government issued photo id , such as a driver s license , along with proof of citizenship , such as a birth certificate ."
it will be made following the prosecution s investigation into a stock manipulation scam and allegations that lee myung bak was involved .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
so how green is this computer ?
"the unemployment claims came out a lot worse than we expected , this is the 16 year high for initial claims ."
pyongyang has said sanctions would amount to a declaration of war .
"rio de janeiro is one of the most violent cities in the world , with an annual homicide rate of about 50 per 100 , 000 residents ."
"clinton lavished her opponent with praise tuesday , saying he ran an extraordinary race and made politics more palatable for many ."
the fear is that the new entity would be a government mouthpiece .
the questioning has signaled a move by the prosecution to expand its probe into the leftover slush funds raised by the general turned president during his iron fisted rule between 1981 and 1988 .
"the joong ang ilbo reports grand national party chairwoman park geun hye said yesterday she would step down from her post in korea s largest opposition party on june 16 , a de facto announcement of her presidential bid in the 2007 election ."
"according to the national election commission nec , foreigners who have lived here for three years or longer since they obtained permanent residency , will be allowed to vote in the local elections on may 31 if they are 19 years or older ."
"the chinese would then turn the papers over to the u . s . state department , which is expected to announce that north korea has been removed from the u . s . list of state sponsors of terrorism ."
associated press correspondent jerry boatlander is covering
"as pastor of blacksburg baptist church , tommy mcdearis was called on to tell more than 20 families a loved one had fallen victim to virginia tech gunman seung hui cho ."
"learning the dna sequence does not mean that the ancient animal can be cloned or somehow resurrected , schuster said , adding this is science fiction ."
former player john anderson told press association that success was the key to ashley winning back the fans trust .
"while the senate identifies march 2008 as a goal giving the president leeway to ignore the deadline the house voted 218 212 to require all combat troops out as of august 31 , 2008 ."
a friend who has known kate mccann for 30 years agreed that it was unthinkable that the mccanns would have harmed their child .
blatter said that fifa would begin inspections of all aspects of brazil s bid at the end of august before taking its final decision on october 30 following a meeting of the organization s executive committee .
several of them specifically mentioned the truman show .
puma said on thursday that it would retire stock representing 1 . 27 million shares or approximately 7 . 4 percent of the previous share capital .
"we can report that things are still improving , said flight director holly ridings ."
the increase is the first in a year and is viewed as a further sign that the japanese economy has bottomed out after months of stagnation .
"actress emma watson , who plays harry s bookish friend hermione , said that friendship was behind one of her favorite scenes in the movie where the three young wizards talk about harry s first kiss ."
"i tell parents that they should absolutely create their own myspace and facebook page , christakis said ."
the gators grabbed the lead on jonathan philips 27 yard field goal with 10 45 left in the fourth quarter .
nato and u . s . forces in afghanistan have taken heavy criticism in the past for the deaths of civilians killed in airstrikes .
"police said the 36 year old man recently broke into the home of the coin collector in dortmund and made off with coins worth 80 , 000 ."
"i have a message , it is a message of peace , forgiveness , a message pleading for better relationships , not cheating the children and encouraging them into terrorism and suicide ."
resolving the north korean nuclear threat and reducing his country s decades old reliance on the u . s . military .
we sincerely apologize to those customers who have suffered disrupted journeys or baggage delays . we always knew the first day would represent a unique challenge .
"already , disney is running ads showing a retired couple visiting disney world in florida ."
"amazon . com s amzn , fortune 500 said it experienced its strongest holiday sales on dec . 10 , as customers ordered more than 5 . 4 million items , or 62 . 5 items per second ."
"lange and twain , best known for her hits man !"
"while an order giving federline custody of 2 year old sean preston and 1 year old jayden james remains in place , attorney mark vincent kaplan said spears time with the children will gradually be extended ."
"the man was not arrested and the statues were not damaged , she said ."
"they re close enough to call homo sapiens , said tim white , a university of california , berkeley paleontologist who was co leader of the international team that excavated and analyzed the skulls ."
the officer cited risks to security and law and order as reasons for keeping him under wraps and restricting access to his home .
flying with the flu ?
"just recently , the two finally met in person and hit it off ."
"japan s government has been relatively quiet about the violence in tibet and , out of deference to beijing , does not deal officially with the dalai lama ."
"at the nodes of this all encompassing web of objects is rfid radio frequency identity technology , which allows things to be read by an nfc near field communication scanner , bar code style , as well as to store information about themselves and their relationship with their environment , over time ."
he can t know you took em .
the eruptions also called solar flares typically blow a billion tons of the sun s atmosphere into space at a speed of 1 million miles per hour .
"we respect this relation , but we will not allow such interfering to exist ."
women who have been raped are systematically rejected by their families and society .
"equus , directed by thea sharrock , opens at london s gielgud theater on february 27 ."
but russian military analysts have said the possibility of suspending participation in the treaty was a symbolic rising of ante in the missile shield showdown more than a sign of impending military escalation .
"ri did not explain in detail another suggestion he made , that pyongyang open an account with a u . s . bank for transparency ."
"the question now more asked is , why haven t we seen it yet ?"
i am pleased that we re discussing a way forward to make sure that such a crisis is unlikely to occur again .
peng s health and the fact that he has a young family .
"testifying in front of the committee this morning , caird e . rexroad , from the agricultural research service , said that although his agency has a variety of theories as to what might be causing ccd , it believes stress on the bees might be the major motive ."
"a total of 67 , 505 government officials have been punished in china for corruption since the beginning of 2003 with 17 , 505 of those in the first eight months of 2006 , according to xinhua ."
"travel is risky , no matter how you get there ."
the six week war failed to weaken the hezbollah movement in lebanon .
"i was told i needed to come to the u . s . embassy for an interview and bring a doctor s letter stating i was fit to travel , sseruma , hiv coordinator for charity christian aid , told cnn ."
"the woman was seated or standing in the front of the boat as her husband piloted the vessel at about 25 mph out of a channel , pino said . the ray just actually popped up in front of the vessel , he said . the father had not even a second to react ."
"lahore , pakistan cnn pakistan , a south asian nation with nuclear capability , says it has successfully test fired a new missile that can carry all types of warheads ."
"federer , who can match swede bjorn borg s five successive titles this year , took a few games to find his range on an unfamiliar looking and chilly centre court ."
"we re not willing to pull the hand back yet , because we think there s still some opportunity ."
"the eight include britain , china , france , russia and the united states , all of which acknowledge having nuclear arsenals ."
other witnesses have questioned whether the romance had developed to the stage of an intention to marry .
"the explosions were followed by an announcement broadcast from security force loudspeakers outside the mosque , calling on the students to surrender , a witness said ."
"the internet is for everyone , and with it comes responsibilities for everyone"
they were helped by the fact that actors disliked rehearsing with the virtual orchestras .
"damascus was ready to work with the united nations to implement a security council resolution demanding its 14 , 000 troops leave lebanon , deputy foreign minister waleed al mualem said , in apparent response to international pressure ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"li told a news conference on the state of the language that the name was an extreme example of people s increasingly adventurous approach to chinese , as commercialisation and the internet break down conventions ."
"next summer , drive ."
"in a cnn opinion research corporation poll conducted january 14 17 , gravel received less than 1 percent ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"another witness said the jet was flying at a low altitude and just spiraled , right out of the movie top gun ."
all rights reserved .
they have had control of the pop star s finances and estate since she was hospitalized twice in january .
"workers rebuilding a 19th century moscow house dug up the remains of nearly three dozen people , and investigators were trying to determine their identities , a city police official said thursday ."
"japan should build confidence with its neighbors if the country is really willing to contribute to regional peace and prosperity and play a responsible role in international society , it added ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"light , sweet crude for june delivery dropped 8 cents to 125 . 72 a barrel in electronic trade on the new york mercantile exchange by midmorning wednesday in singapore ."
quantum of solace easily tops die another day from 2002 .
"the six refugees included four women , who allegedly said they were victims of sexual slavery or forced marriages ."
and as for how he feels about being so tall ?
bush called rove a dear friend and thanked him for his enormous sacrifices for the country .
two women hostages were freed monday afternoon as a result of face to face talks between a two member taliban delegation and korean officials .
"chirac who made the comments during a monday interview with the new york times , the international herald tribune and le nouvel observateur , a weekly magazine called reporters back the next day to try to have his quotes retracted ."
best known for her role as a singing prostitute in hustle and flow
the united states and france are among the nations providing aircraft and other equipment to help the cameroonians search .
"i was suddenly divorced , without a word of warning . that made me so angry , the official quoted her as telling investigators and admitting the allegations ."
.
"tuan tuan and yuan yuan , both four years old , had been living in ya an since the may 12 earthquake that damaged their former home in wolong in sichuan , according to the state run xinhua news agency ."
slaves once carried tattoos on their forearms showing who owned them .
"that 8 point lead is double the 4 point lead obama held in the last cnn opinion research corporation poll , taken in mid september . monday evening s cnn national poll of polls"
"at least for the moment , the president said , the military equilibrium on the peninsula had not changed ."
"that happens with a particular flair on the algarve , in the south of portugal ."
"britain s home office rejected his request , prompting kazemi to flee to netherlands ."
the saudi oil minister indicates that no measures will likely be taken until opec meets again next month .
"obese people were 81 percent more likely if they had a low belly measurement , but more than three times as likely if they had a high measurement ."
"so far , 25 of the 57 rooms have received the treatment ."
"in exit polls , voters from both parties rated the economy their top issue and the war in iraq second but concerns about illegal immigration rated third among republicans , while democrats said health care was just behind iraq ."
"then , in a rare back and forth exchange before the cameras , roh pressed bush to be clearer on his stance to officially ending the korean war , which ended in 1953 with a truce , and not a peace treaty , meaning on paper they are still at war ."
"his remarks came in the face of growing opposition from political circles and the public to his proposal , which according to the korea herald is largely seen as an electoral ploy ."
he is accused of collecting information on south korea after seeking asylum in january 2003 and of visiting north korea illegally in april 2004 to report what he found .
the suspect was granted 1 million bail and confined to house arrest but fled to seoul the following year .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"has been released exclusively by t mobile and will go head to head with products such as apple s iphone , the blackberry and other smartphones from makers including nokia ."
he bears a striking resemblance to his father and punctuates his conversation with impersonations of the late dictator .
"they won t be able to record tv shows or anything else until writable that is , recordable discs hit the market ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
a nasa spacecraft circled the earth on monday at the start of a project to study the edges of the solar system .
"dr . richard steadman , who also operated on the dutchman eight years ago , discovered a partial break to van nistelrooy s knee cap and damage to a cruciate ligament and cartilage around the knee ."
"bhumibol is a constitutional king with no formal political role , but has repeatedly brought calm in times of turbulence and is considered the country s moral authority ."
"one of the sources said , you can safely describe the conversations as progressing and productive ."
"another belgian company , living tomorrow , predicts that as we become increasingly able to work from home , workplaces will spend more time unoccupied ."
rehabilitating his reputation is now being considered by a state authorized commission set up during president kim dae jung s administration to recognize the contributions of democracy activists .
it is the third time this year the house has voted to end us military involvement in iraq .
"through his untiring efforts and good results , he has shown what role mediation of various kinds can play in the resolution of international conflicts ."
flying with the flu ?
the sea shepherd campaign group said the two a briton and an australian had been assaulted and tied to the radar mast by the japanese crew .
ex the performers took their curtain call .
"the diplomat said elbaradei pressed his case for the need for iran to suspend uranium enrichment , a key u . n . security council demand ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the legislation was approved by the senate and house of representatives just before congress adjourned for the summer recess .
the official did not release the victims names or the extent of their injuries but said the department is in contact with them .
"some civic groups suspicious of nuclear power , however , said the tremor showed that uljin was not a safe site ."
"there s not a country in the world where the list of martyrs is as long as it is in colombia , said carlos gutierrez , head of the cut labor umbrella organization that represents colombia s 530 , 000 unionized workers ."
"nuclear armed rivals pakistan and india have a history of bitter relations , and have fought three wars since gaining independence from britain in 1947 ."
"beattie said the both doctors were recruited from liverpool last year , through an ad in the british medical journal , to work in australia ."
afghan taliban rebels say they have killed two german hostages but the afghan foreign ministry says one is still alive and the other has died of a heart attack .
"sars spread to other countries from hong kong after an infected mainland chinese medical professor passed the illness to seven other people in a kowloon hotel last month and they , in turn , carried the disease to singapore , vietnam and canada ."
"there have been persistent allegations of abuse by members of the shiite dominated security forces , but sunday s discovery is hard evidence and officials believe it may be the tip of the iceberg ."
"as , or water lily pond , was sold by christie s for 80 , 451 , 178 including buyer s premium , making it the most expensive work of art sold by the auction house in europe ."
the big ticket items that keep factory workers busy .
"the astronauts worked through a series of pre landing procedures sunday and monday , including a thorough inspection of the shuttle s wing leading edges and nose cap for any micrometeorite or orbital debris damage that might have occurred while the shuttle has been in space ."
other iranian jews have immigrated to israel over the years .
"reeves , who stars in the upcoming remake of the day the earth stood still , testified early on ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"occupied east jerusalem was placed out of bounds by a bellicose israeli campaign to decree the divided city off limits to palestinians in the west bank and gaza and to claim it as israel s eternal , undivided capital ."
we haven t heard of anything
"grab a gelato , join in the evening stroll , and end up at the town s glorious red brick main square , il campo ."
gertner ordered the government to pay 101 . 7 million .
"it didn t have to be this way . for some time we d been warned that the problems in the housing market could spill into other corners of the economy , obama said in his opening remarks ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2739729 the leader of hezbollah in lebanon , sheikh hassan nasrallah , has warned the lebanese army not to enter the palestinian refugee camp north of tripoli where it has been confronting islamic militants ."
"new york cnn clint eastwood s my hero , denzel washington says . that s the model . he s the guy ."
her children convinced her otherwise .
"cleveland , ohio cnn a group of 55 greyhounds rescued after a life of racing are helping to save more canine lives with the donation of their blood ."
"she said she took the steroid known as the clear , or thg , from that time until 2001 , covering her participation in the 2000 olympic games in sydney , australia ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"we are concerned that she might one day cause us trouble . . . and try to stake her claim for a share of our assets , he said ."
the ruling was in response to a december 2005 lawsuit brought by six same sex couples seeking to wed .
"the internet based plot was uncovered when one of the men turned himself in to police on saturday , saying he was scared of capital punishment , kyodo said ."
"chicago is obama s hometown , and clinton s statement drew boos ."
the pullback could be due to apple s forecast for its fiscal third quarter .
people there never saw this happen in a divorce . it is very interesting for them .
draft likely to be reduced
people were speaking about me this summer but that was normal because of what i did during the season .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"at a news conference yesterday , a french couple said they would not return to seoul to face investigators looking into the fate of two babies whose bodies were found in a freezer in the couple s apartment ."
abrahamian won his bronze medal bout after his coach reportedly argued with judges and accused them of corruption .
"eurostat s figure is a first estimate , which it will confirm on april 16 ."
"the demonstration was the largest ever since the june 10 , 1987 , rally against the authoritarian rule of then president chun doo hwan ."
"he very much wanted to do a concert , says kaye . he said , look things are so bad there , i think we ve got a message ."
he added that final confirmation will be made when the two leaders meet in washington this week .
"after entering iraq , the korean soldiers traveled 1 , 115 kilometers across the country to reach their destination , the defense ministry said ."
"qari yousuf ahmadi , purported spokesman of the taliban , told new york times saturday , we know that these people have come here to convert our good muslims away from islam ."
"the official said the soldiers gestured to the vehicle to stop , but the men began firing guns instead ."
"still others have sets that receive analog broadcasts as a complement to cable , satellite or digital sets in the same household ."
"as a writer , that is candace bushnell s gift ."
"shortly after taking office last month , the ppp led coalition government ordered the release of all the judges , but the two leaders had disagreed over how the judges would be restored to office ."
celebrity endorsement .
"condoleezza rice talks successes , failures of past 8 years"
"we are of the belief that a nuclear weapon would create a vulnerability and therefore we are and have and will be against nuclear weapons , he said ."
"the junta supporters shouted abuse at the other side for about 15 minutes ,"
the nation s most senior intelligence officials briefed key lawmakers thursday on israel s bombing of the facility .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
it s the top prize around and the only way to win something like this is to play for a team like ac milan . it s great to be part of a team that wins .
"his comments echo statements of other senior government officials , including homeland security secretary michael chertoff ."
"on a large stage , children dressed in costumes representing iraq s many ethnic and religious groups kurds , turkmen , yazidis , christians , arab muslims not defined as sunni or shiite"
"sixteen female service members have died in iraq this year , which puts 2007 on track to top the previous record of 20 , set in 2005 ."
"already there are pretrial negotiations over permitting saddam s foreign legal team to work in iraq , whether to televise the proceedings and whether to reinstate the harshest penalty in iraq s legal code hanging by the neck until dead ."
something childs found out firsthand while moving the spider .
"john , the president says the bailout plan passed by congress , coupled with aggressive actions by the fed and governments around the world , will restore confidence to world markets ."
the optical illusion is one of the latest innovations being tested around the country to discourage speeding .
the united states statue of liberty and australia s sydney opera house have been sitting in the bottom 10 since the start .
the investor was charged in december with one count of securities fraud .
draft likely to be reduced
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"she competed on the third season of american idol in 2004 , making it to the top seven contestants before being eliminated from the contest ."
gabe ponce de leon is one he came to rio as a college exchange student in 2001 and lived the high life until he discovered the slums .
olmert said israel reserved the right to leave while retaining major population centers if the talks failed .
"cristiano is the most exciting player in the country at the moment the quickness of his feet and the skills he possesses make you think , at times , that he is from another planet , said pfa chief executive taylor ."
"there was an exchange of fire , they said , but there were no casualties on the lebanese side ."
phil blissitt said he became irritated when he learned that some thought the photo of fred was doctored .
"petty officer shawn eggert said the whale disappeared beneath the surface in the evening , dragging buoys that had been attached to the harpoon , and did not resurface ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the state department of public health which serves as state registrar and oversees vital records said in an announcement that june 16 is the last day the state supreme court can rule on any requests for re hearing .
i was furious and getting more so by the second .
"oscar winning actress jennifer hudson is asking the public to help locate her 7 year old nephew , who has been missing since her mother and brother were found dead in their home friday ."
north korea is scheduled to host japan on june 8 a qualifying match for the 2006 world cup .
"from his beginning as a 100 a week san francisco , california , radio singer , griffin moved on as vocalist for freddy martin s band , sometime film actor and tv game and talk show host ."
beckham is scheduled to make his u . s . debut july 21 .
"he said officers punched , kicked and used pepper gas ."
a law enforcement source in penza told the russian news agency interfax that kuznetsov is being examined by psychiatrists .
"our hope is that president abbas and prime minister salam fayyad who s a good fellow will be strengthened to the point where they can lead the palestinians in a different direction , bush said ."
"it s incredibly impressive that babies can do this , said study lead author kiley hamlin , a yale psychology researcher . it shows that we have these essential social skills occurring without much explicit teaching ."
"time convincing nato allies to declassify this sensitive , secret video for wide release ."
we ll start with some strong words from former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan
"others ask if she feels ashamed , she said ."
"we are deeply saddened by the injuries suffered by the employees , aramark spokeswoman kathleen keenan said in a statement . our thoughts and prayers are with them and their families at this difficult time ."
"obama picks bible for inauguration , but what verse ?"
more than a million people had lined the route of the queen mother s coffin from the capital to windsor .
"the winter storm china s worst in 50 years has already been blamed for the deaths of at least 63 people around the country , including 25 who died when a bus plunged off a slippery mountain road in the southwestern guizhou province ."
"some of the worst flooding to hit north korea in decades has killed at least 600 people , double the previous known toll , the official news agency said at the weekend ."
"the er1 , sold by evolution robotics inc . , resembles neither a dog nor the robotic stars of science fiction movies ."
bush said it sent a message to the rest of the world that the u . s . was ready to take action to ease the credit crunch .
"it seemed like she d been doing this for several years , levy told cnn ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the u . s . is joining japan , china , india , australia and south korea at the meeting , along with more than 80 major resource and power companies ."
"eight percent of voters are still undecided , according to cnn s poll of polls ."
"the 1993 mumbai attacks were ordered by india s most wanted man , dawood ibrahim , a muslim , to avenge the razing of a 16th century mosque by hindu zealots in 1992 and subsequent hindu muslim riots in india , police say ."
"until now , he was mostly viewed as a pretty decent player with a prettier fiance , tv actress eva longoria ."
"he s now out on 10 , 000 bail ."
s secretary of state condoleezza rice has welcomed a deal reached with north korea over its nuclear program during six nation talks in beijing .
draft likely to be reduced
"organizers of the event , which saw a procession of flaming torches march through the historic town before igniting a bonfire and detonating the effigy , say the politically themed pyrotechnics were not meant to cause offense ."
"bush and hu also discussed issues including taiwan north korea s denuclearization and burma , the white house statement said ."
another key issue in this week s meetings will be whether the north allows a test run of trains on rebuilt tracks through the heavily armed frontier dividing the peninsula .
"the iraqi government claims the private contractors , who were guarding a u . s . diplomatic convoy , killed as many as 20 civilians ."
garrison s prison break character david tweener apolskis was killed off the fox tv drama earlier this season .
"new delhi , india cnn india s soccer captain , bhaichung bhutia , has refused to carry the beijing olympic torch during its run in the indian capital later this month to protest chinese authorities crackdown on recent protests in tibet ."
a gunman who killed five girls in an attack on a pennsylvania amish school told his wife he had molested two young members of his family 20 years ago .
"now , according to gershman , the internal revenue service wants access to the donated cash to cover taxes on the donations and on the money zapeta made as a dishwasher ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
we will not accept iran to use iraq to attack the american forces .
one cold war was quite enough .
"outnumbering protesters three to one , hundreds of pakistani security force members , some dressed in riot gear , stood behind barbed wire and concrete blocks that blocked off one of the roads leading to chaudhry s house ."
there will obviously be a number of passengers who will delayed as the airport plays catch up .
"jake molley , from the british offshore workers union , said it appeared the alert was the result of someone with an overactive imagination ."
president bush will visit the disaster site saturday .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"but the u . s . state department reported more hits to its federal voting assistance web site than in 2004 , and noted that many americans were turning up at voting events"
"megan templeton , of barboursville , was taken to the hospital as a precaution but later released ."
so xiang xiang may have fallen from trees when being chased by those pandas .
bybee says relentless criticism of the child rather than the child s behavior creates bad guilt .
two men who say they helped o . j . simpson forcibly take sports memorabilia during a confrontation in a las vegas hotel room testified tuesday that simpson asked them to carry guns and look menacing .
"family members of a financial manipulator claimed wednesday that presidential candidate lee myung bak is guilty of manipulating stock prices and laundering money , but failed to provide key documents to prove their claim ."
"as for rowling , who wrote the final chapter of deathly hallows years ago , she s relieved , if a little dejected , that the story has come to an end . though she s left the door open a tiny crack for future adventures , she said it was time , according to the ap . finishing it was very , very emotional ."
"for a second day , the lebanese military launched heavy artillery bombardment of the nahr el bared palestinian refugee camp ."
"erakat said there are multiple authorities in gaza , making it extremely difficult to control the fighters ."
"i telephoned juneau , the capital of alaska , and spoke with a specialist who knew about the natives enrollment in the alaska native claims settlement act ."
"speaking after the first of two days of talks his advisers say may herald a crucial reassessment of the war , bush also said us troops would stay in iraq for the immediate future ."
"this season , the reality show reunited hilton , 26 , and richie , 25 , as drama camp counselors after they feuded and filmed their parts separately for the previous season ."
playfair said it looked into four factories producing olympic licensed products in southern china .
iran has no relinguished its right to the nuclear fuel cycle and never will do .
"in an open letter to obama , french president nicolas sarkozy said obama s election raised in france , in europe and around the world an immense hope and that the american people had expressed with force their faith in progress and the future ."
"it was better than we could have imagined , barry goldstein , project manager for the phoenix mission , told cnn ."
"parts of this war are complicated , but one part is not and that is that america should do what it takes to support our troops and protect our people , president bush said in an appearance with members of veterans groups at the white house ."
we didn t know the severity of the situation that was happening in the seats
"after completing his studies in musicology , philosophy and german literature at the university of cologne , he went on to study under composer olivier messiaen in paris from 1952 to 1953 , where he also met his french contemporary pierre boulez ."
"only time will tell , however , the full impact of this revolution on human society ."
his royal highness will not be attending the ceremony .
"across the border in pakistan , officials have asked president barack obama to stop missile attacks on suspected militant camps ."
the prime minister said americans are basing their hunches about iranian activities in iraq on intelligence they ve amassed . watch al maliki talk about the situation in iraq
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
he said the cancer is treatable but not curable .
"the european commission opened two formal probes , the first move against the company since a court four months ago backed the eu in a long running legal battle over microsoft s actions in using its ubiquitous windows operating system to elbow into new software markets ."
"four palestinian siblings ages 1 to 6 and their mother were killed monday when israeli tank shells hit their house , palestinian medical and security sources said ."
draft likely to be reduced
"you won t want to think about how much eclipse is going to cost , however , because dubai , the world s current biggest yacht is reportedly worth well over 300 million ."
"until now , president pervez musharraf has balked at calls for a united nations inquiry ."
the report notes the defense department expects to use fewer support troops than in the past .
"patty blagoevich is filling in for her husband , the ex governor of illinois , on the upcoming reality show i m a celebrity , get me out of here ."
europe s third largest airline said a consortium it belongs to that includes u . s . private equity firm tpg was working on due diligence of spanish airline iberia .
she was his fourth wife and the couple had no children .
the ministry termed regrettable the decision of elements of the foreign media to reveal prince harry s service in afghanistan .
but the united nations estimated it has nevertheless affected 8 . 7 million people and damaged or destroyed a quarter of a million homes .
"moscow , russia cnn russia on monday deployed new air defense systems capable of shooting down ballistic missiles , and the air force chief said the weapon could be used to protect 2014 winter olympics in the black sea resort of sochi ."
"according to the world health organization , nearly two thirds of the world s smokers live in 10 countries led by china and india and followed by indonesia , russia , the u . s . , japan , brazil , bangladesh , germany and turkey ."
brad lidge and the phillies finished off the tampa bay rays 4 3 in a three inning sprint wednesday night to win a suspended game 5 nearly 50 hours after it started .
"after tuesday s rate cut , the dow jones industrial average posted its biggest one day point gain in nearly five years a surge of 335 . 97 points ."
the contempt charge must be approved by the full house of representatives .
"ashley alexandra dupre , reportedly identified in court documents as a call girl known as kristen , appeared in court on monday as a witness against four people accused of operating a high class prostitution ring allegedly used by the disgraced democrat ."
"after word spread beyond medical circles this summer , they learned of about 50 more people with similar symptoms ."
forest service says more than 800 firefighters are battling a wildfire in california s los padres national forest
"at around 11 50 p . m . , some 50 policemen were deployed to block doors to the press room at the main building of the national police agency in central seoul ."
"we have nothing to feed our children , said egu s village elder . we are losing our children day by day ."
"supported by strong demand in china and the united states , the price for west texas crude oil averaged 35 . 25 a barrel in the first quarter , the highest such level in the last 20 years ."
the official said the north korean had worked as a logger in russia .
one witness said police fired tear gas and jets of chemically laced water at hundreds of demonstrators who sought refuge in the city s jamek mosque and in commercial buildings .
"a chinese rocket carrying the satellite lifted off early thursday from the xichang satellite launch center in southwestern china s sichuan province , according to an account in china s state run news agency , xinhua ."
he describes his sculptures as an artistic exploration of how groups of people and individuals relate to one another .
"mugabe , 83 , who plans to stand for another five year presidential term next year , accuses the west of working with the opposition and businesses to overthrow his government ."
a security officer may need to unwrap and inspect them .
"another marine , 24 year old cpl . marshall magincalda , was expected to be freed from prison friday after having served 448 days for his conviction on a charge of conspiracy to commit murder in the hamdaniya incident ."
the first question got right to the point .
"its home market , germany , was second , with 284 , 523 cars sold last year ."
cheney was an aide to her father during the 2004 campaign and now is vice president for consumer advocacy at aol .
"sen . barack obama s foreign policy positions could encourage america s enemies to test it during the early days of an obama administration , sen . john mccain said wednesday ."
"the groom , dave best , had emailed his friend at the start of the year ."
"in a letter sent to the publishers , cooper urged them to review the slanders in this book that historically have led to anti semitism , violence , hatred and even genocide ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the two plainsclothes civil guard officers were in capbreton , france , to meet with french police about joint operations against eta , which traditionally uses france as a base for its attacks in spain , a spanish interior ministry spokeswoman told cnn ."
and an angel still rides in the whirlwind and directs this storm .
"in september 2005 , north korea committed to abandoning its nuclear program in exchange for aid and security guarantees ."
the u . s . food and drug administration on thursday announced it is blocking the import from china of five species of seafood until their importers can prove they are not contaminated .
you re more likely to have an accident .
"shortly before tuesday s morning session , hill told reporters he believes the north koreans are committed to following through on the february 13 agreement ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the runoff election pits incumbent ken cockrel jr .
"more than 3 , 000 workers are trapped deep underground in a south african gold mine , officials have said ."
"we decided to raid keb to investigate dubious deals surrounding the sale of the bank in 2003 , prosecutor chae dong wook said during a media briefing ."
the sanctions being taken under a u . n .
"while more recently , categories have included slots no industry group would even hazard , such as favorite superhero , favorite on screen matchup and nice n easy fans favorite hair a nod to a procter gamble product ."
it s a very tragic situation .
often produced by the same manufacturers
"french prime minister francois fillon said the guerrillas , imprisoned in colombia , could be freed in france as part of a swap deal with the revolutionary armed forces of colombia , or farc ."
she stressed that curators recognize hitler needs to be treated with sensitivity .
"but if you have enough people rallying behind what appears to be the likely choice , and i believe the choice is barack obama . . . then i think you have to step up to the plate and say , enough is enough . we want this to be over with ."
the two countries must reach a final consensus over the next 10 days as the march 30 deadline looms .
"li did not elaborate , but the congress is expected to address the case of former politburo member and shanghai party boss chen liangyu , who became the highest ranking party member to fall in a decade when he was toppled amid a probe into wide ranging corruption ."
"we need to approach the old challenge of affordable housing with new energy , new ideas , and a new efficient style of leadership ."
"she responded , every piece of remotely responsible research that has been done in the last 20 years on this issue has shown there is no difference between children who are raised by same sex parents and children who are raised by opposite sex parents ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"hawkins had been on antidepressants but stopped taking them because they made him feel weird , maruca kovac said ."
"we solved the crime , st . johns police chief roy melnick told kpho . now we have to solve the mystery of why ."
"an estimated 20 , 000 people were killed in croatia , and about 10 , 000 in kosovo ."
"physical and psychological concepts are much more closely aligned in the mind than we have previously appreciated , said williams , now at the university of colorado ."
"the men escaped after the attack , and no one claimed responsibility for it , but arab language network al jazeera said taliban militants were suspected to be responsible ."
"after all , we associate love and sex and sometimes confuse them ."
"the protesters , angry about the exclusion of a candidate from a governorship election , had traveled to the airport to try and stop electoral officials from leaving ."
"the sheriff showed up yesterday and said it was a mandatory evacuation , but they couldn t take us out by force , so we decided to stay and save the house ."
"tonight we mark the end of one historic journey with the beginning of another a journey that will bring a new and better day to america , he said ."
women who drank four or more cups of decaffeinated coffee a day were two times more likely to develop rheumatoid arthritis than women who never drank decaf .
"even during the week of negotiations , congress has finally agreed on a 630 billion spending bill that includes the pentagon budget ."
"it s very emotional and tense . it s unclear why armstrong is worried about his safety now , given that attacks on riders are extremely rare ."
the president a few minutes ago unveiling the more detailed tax and spending plan he is sending to congress today .
"hoganas , sweden cnn swedish artist lars vilks says all he s doing is taking a stand in the name of artistic expression ."
"the other photographer involved was kyle henderson , 23 ."
"brisbane , australia cnn police say they have charged a man found asleep in a motorized wheelchair on a highway in northern australia with drunk driving ."
"an air weapons team spotted militants setting up roadside bombs in the new baghdad district saturday afternoon and launched a hellfire missile , the military said ."
"the bureau is expected to announce in coming days the awarding of a 1 billion , 10 year contract to help create the database that will compile an array of biometric information from palm prints to eye scans ."
the dow off a 177 points .
"diane kepley , the associated press ."
the aircraft slipped off the runway and exploded into flames .
"president roh visited the sorbonne , a leading french university ."
"the controversy has eclipsed the issues under discussion , which included the economy and australia s role in iraq ."
"as members of the australian parliament , we believe that the denial of justice in david hicks case erodes the values and principles shared by australia and the united states , lyn allison , leader of the australian democrats minor opposition party , said in a statement ."
"on a personal level i had as one of my goals to become no . 1 during this year and competing at so many events might have harmed , especially at the end of the season , my physical condition , taking away the freshness needed to play at the top level of the game in these last events , nadal said ."
"south korea , however , has taken a cautious stance about a deal with china , according to trade officials ."
"i am naturally ready to answer all your questions , and maybe afterward you will resume covering the news and other topics , and leave me tranquilly with my family ."
the un security council has urged burma s ruling junta to show restraint amid a worsening political crisis .
"after ending the first day of talks , hill said he had a useful discussion and that he hoped to see the multilateral talks resume this month ."
"when the bubble burst in the early 90s , tokyo was hit particularly hard but , after years of recession , tokyo has the buzz of a city regaining its confidence ."
the economic stars of the region
"the host government is trying to find a formula which would enable the us , other industrialized countries and the developing nations to unite under a combined statement on future action ."
"the surgery means carlo cudicini will continue in goal at least for the return clash against turkey s fenerbahce , with chelsea trailing 2 1 after the first leg ."
"interior ministry spokesman , maj . gen . abdul karim khalaf said al sabawi is now being interrogated ."
but it was urging customers to conserve electricity by setting air conditioning thermostats higher and waiting to use major appliances until after dark .
"the 24 hour vehicle ban is slated to begin at 5 a . m . 10 p . m . sunday et , baghdad security operations spokesman gen . qassim atta said on iraqi state television ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"minutes later , wambach knocked heads with a team mate in a scramble around goal and exited the field with blood pouring from her face , leaving the americans with 10 players ."
"all three stock market indexes erased deep losses earlier to end strongly ahead , with the dow jones rising 2 . 5 at 12 , 270 . 17 ."
"fall of man , which includes a gunbattle between an american soldier and aliens inside a building that resembles manchester cathedral in northwest england ."
"ba misplaced 23 bags per 1 , 000 passengers carried in 2006 the worst figure in a list of 24 airlines who are members of the association of european airlines aea ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"a rare swarm of comets rained over north america about 12 , 900 years ago , sparking fires that produced choking , leading to the extinction of a large range of animals , including mammoths , across north america , the report said ."
japan has refused to provide aid until pyongyang fully accounts for the abductions of japanese citizens by north korea .
"the nobel peace prize is handed out in oslo , norway , on the same date ."
"seoul will deliver the idea to the united states at the security consultative meeting scm next month in washington d . c . , in hopes of it being stipulated in a roadmap for the wartime control transfer , col ."
rooney will miss england s two euro 2008 qualifiers in september but united manager alex ferguson said the striker could be fit in time for the tie with estonia on october 13 .
"you can see the changes for yourself , with the october 30th issue on new stands now ."
"clinton vowed to soldier on , telling supporters at an indiana rally that it s full speed on to the white house ."
travelers are advised that esta does not guarantee entry into the united states .
"lawyers for the zimbabwe electoral commission had earlier claimed it would be too dangerous to release the results of the country s recent presidential elections , and warned that they may not comply with any court order to make them public , the journalist told cnn ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"in 2008 , time magazine named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world ."
"the production of 3 , 000 centrifuges would allow iran to begin industrial scale production of nuclear fuel a move that has raised international concern that the country might ultimately produce nuclear weapons ."
algerian television has reported that six people were pulled alive from the ruins of the un offices .
"this process is not going to move forward beyond this point without a verification protocol being agreed upon , mccormack told reporters ."
"that s about 233 , 000 for every one of the legendary 300 spartan soldiers who fought off a much larger persian force in the epic battle ."
the same r d center has in the past unveiled a cell phone design that used vibrations traveling around the body to deliver an audio signal from a transducer on the wrist to the ear .
it promises a regular look at who and what she s wearing .
"last month , beijing signed a deal with a dallas based firm that will provide internet access in all 30 province and regions of china ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2767605
now there s no getting away from it .
"in the midst of these challenging times , we were thrilled to achieve an historic price for an historic diamond , said francois curiel , chairman of christie s europe and auctioneer for wednesday s sale ."
"scientists are hailing obama s move , while critics say it uses taxpayer dollars to encourage the destruction of human life ."
mbc s call for a second test gained little support as a growing number of experts took issue with the reliability of the initial tests the television network commissioned and used to support the assertion that hwang s achievement was doctored .
"turkish station ntv and di marineo s web site said her body was found friday night near the village of gebze , on the eastern edges of istanbul ."
"the aftershock was centered 45 miles southwest of kalamata and 150 miles southwest of athens , the usgs reported ."
"president elect barack obama s top adviser insisted sunday that obama s economic plan would be big enough to handle the country s financial challenges , but he declined to speculate about how large the plan would need to be ."
"women were particularly opposed to camilla s presence , with 61 percent against ."
"sorenstam wasn t all that unhappy with her score , either , though her putter let her down throughout the tournament ."
"however , kim was seen leaving a beijing restaurant , and u . s . officials say beijing has told washington it is meeting with the secretive leader ."
"this is an historic occasion for the department of defense , and i am proud to nominate lt . gen . ann dunwoody for a fourth star , said defense secretary robert gates ."
sapa also reported that the right reverend rubin philip reiterated the call for government action on crime .
the couple married at scotland s skibo castle eight years ago .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"he said the taxes go directly to the central government , not to the provinces where the farmers live , and he accused the government of demanding practically half of farmers production in taxes ."
some 200 members of her national league for democracy nld gathered to shout slogans and call for ms suu kyi s release from house arrest .
smaller memorials were planned in towns across britain and france to remember the fallen .
today s korea times reports seven out of 10 chief executives of foreign firms operating in south korea said that a series of the korean government s regulatory moves are not helping the country to become a financial hub of northeast asia .
scientists have found a wide eyed primate
flying with the flu ?
recent polls said the ongoing probe has begun to erode lee s popularity .
gen . francisco franco declared it the official anthem in 1942 .
"we have nothing to do with the so called mugabe win , mdc spokesman nelson chamisa in effect we believe that whatever zanu pf and mugabe are doing is just but a continuation of the sham ."
flying with the flu ?
the three day meeting convenes against the backdrop of clashes in the antarctic between japanese whaling ships and conservation groups .
"and to deny this fundamental concept , central to catholic teaching , is to create confusion ."
the united nations found that korea still has plenty of room for improvement with regard to discrimination against women despite recent progress promoting gender equality .
the two sides have no other choice but to choose between agreement and breakdown this week as u . s .
"the blast destroyed part of the police station , which is in albu ajil , a town about 3 miles 5 kilometers east of tikrit , the police official said . watch a tour of al qaeda country"
people in china forced to be sterilized .
"charles , the eldest of her four children , was not yet 4 years old ."
despite huge attempts to patch things up they both know deep down that divorce was on the cards .
"it s that washington has become a place where good ideas go to die , he said ."
"keegan , who was hailed as the savior of the club when he returned earlier in the year for a second spell in charge , fell out with ashley over transfer policy ."
the authorities also said investigators would use interrogation rooms with video recorders during questioning of victims in police stations .
foreign ministry spokeswoman tasnim aslam said rushdie s knighthood would hamper interfaith understanding and that islamabad would protest to london .
gates has also said a warning to iran
"the panama canal authority , the autonomous government agency that runs the canal , is borrowing up to 2 . 3 billion between 2009 and 2011 to help finance the project ."
draft likely to be reduced
"in keeping with recent tradition , the secret service will place a brand new presidential limousine into service january 20 to drive the new president on the 2 mile jaunt down pennsylvania avenue during the inaugural parade ."
"after the copa america , and with only a short holiday , i thought he might need more training . but he did very well and looked in great shape ."
"as dust and smoke fill the tunnel , people on the platform rush away , and police head toward the blast ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"like barksdale and martinez , gadiesh abhors bureaucratic doublespeak , and the unthinking conservatism it usually reflects ."
"when asked about those reports , a turkish airlines spokesman said the flight experienced an urgent situation as it headed to st . petersburg , without offering further details ."
"lennon gave betty glasow , the beatles hairdresser , the lock of hair in a copy of his book a spaniard in the works ."
disclosure 1994 was about a sexual harassment case .
"yu sin kang , a chinese citizen living legally in the united states , admitted serving as an intermediary for the delivery of classified information from agent tai shen kuo to the chinese government ."
"a fourth soldier wounded in the attack was expected to survive , the ministry reported ."
"the congolese government on tuesday declared a quarantine of the area in southeastern congo , spokesman toussaint tshilobo said ."
"steegmans , a former team mate of australian first stage winner robbie mcewen recruited by quick step to lead out boonen in the sprints , pipped his team leader in the final meters ."
the united states will help the people of cuba realize the blessings of liberty .
federer and nadal are among the top seeds with a first round bye in the hamburg masters .
their debut on u . s . television in 1981 launched their global rise to stardom and made the smurfs a household name .
"the president made a habit of keeping them current , even taking a diary with him on his many overseas trips ."
it means i m trying to protect our troops . that s what that means .
"about 2 , 000 workers in dubai blocked the main highway to abu dhabi , worsening the traffic jams that are already a fixture in this booming economy ."
the announcement came days after a team of special prosecutors led by cho joon woong indicted lee and nine other executives on charges of tax evasion and breach of trust .
"yasukuni has been a frequent flashpoint between japan and china , and lee s action threatened to inflame the issue again ."
"holder andy roddick was dumped out of the cincinnati masters on thursday , beaten 7 6 6 4 by 16th seed david ferrer of spain ."
an american man of korean origin has been sentenced to nine years in jail by a south korean court for allegedly spying for communist north korea .
"untreated , melanoma can spread quickly into the body from the skin ."
the police announced on thursday that two men had been arrested and would appear in court on friday on charges of murder .
"eu competition commissioner neelie kroes welcomed the agreement , saying it would allow consumers to benefit from a truly single market for music downloads across the 27 nation bloc ."
it was not immediately clear whether the blast was caused by an israeli airstrike or a bomb in the car .
"in a written statement , ms suu kyi said that she had made the decision in the interest of the nation ."
"another israeli airstrike targeting a rocket cell in northern gaza killed one civilian and injured three others just outside jebalya , palestinian medical and security sources said ."
"tuck s lawyer , thomas gibson of pahrump , has characterized tuck as an innocent middleman who should be credited for giving the tape to authorities , ap reported ."
"the victims were residents of srebrenica , which was officially a u . n . protected muslim enclave during the bosnian war . in belgrade , presiding judge gordana bozilovic petrovic , who read the verdict , said the recording presented evidence that proved the guilt beyond any doubt and that medic , as the commander , had the authority to issue such an order ."
"gonzales was also questioned on the white house s use of wire tapping for terrorism surveillance , which critics have said is illegal ."
"the pop star and her husband , film director guy ritchie , were not present at thursday s hearing in the malawian capital ."
his absence from numerous events that he would normally attend has raised questions about his health .
beijing courted a political confrontation with taiwan on thursday by including the self governed island as a china leg stopover for the torch relay schedule for the 2008 olympic games .
"russia is working with the us on how to transfer 25m in north korean funds currently frozen in a bank in macau , a us treasury official said ."
"rob sandler comforted his infant son as he lifted him out of the crib , cooing in his ear while he walked to the living room ."
the indictment against smith stressed the impropriety of the relationship and said the agent should have disclosed it in the 19 reports he filed with fbi headquarters about her .
"david , adopted from malawi"
chirac did not endorse sarkozy until last month .
the party is supporting candidates from two minor groups the democratic party and the people first party with which it is seeking to create a new political party .
"crusading against these bans is ctrl . alt . shift , a uk based organization that attempts to engage youth to combat global and social injustices ."
"moscow , russia cnn russia s first democratic president , boris yeltsin , was buried wednesday following a funeral service in central moscow ."
"but restaino s lawyer , terrence connors , said wednesday the judge profoundly apologizes for his actions during the march 2005 hearing and will appeal the panel s ruling ."
"ramlee basa ruddin took the infant from his 20 year old girlfriend about 12 hours after she gave birth , and buried the girl alive in a shallow hole behind their house , the new straits times said ."
petraeus and crocker spent two days this week on capitol hill testifying on the status of the 5 year old war .
"between five to 10 cities in south and north chungcheong provinces , including osong in north chungcheong and janggi in south chungcheong , are expected to be reviewed as potential sites ."
ex her bones were laid to rest here .
that followed a 0 . 4 percent decline in gross domestic product in the second quarter
"there s really no excuse for making bogey that way , she said ."
"about 1 , 500 delegates will choose a new leader for afghanistan and a temporary government ."
"lee myung bak , who took office as the 17th term president monday , appealed for change to continue what he called the great korea miracle ."
the financial liberalization of the banking system in 1990 resulted in a surge of development .
"my commitment is to do what is required . president bush has indicated that he has the same approach , the same attitude , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois ."
scarlett johansson
george w . bush said the troops will be brought back to the u . s . duty stations in europe and asia .
the sun is on the upswing of an 11 year cycle .
"bush , like millions of others , has already cast his ballot by absentee ."
"i had about six people in the thing and i dropped them off one at a time and as the last couple were getting out , who wished to be dropped off at a 7 eleven . . . ."
"friday , bdmlr said it had seen pictures of the same adult dolphin taken a day earlier near campbelltown , scotland , near the north channel which separates scotland and northern ireland and closer to the north atlantic ."
"samsung group has hit a roadblock in its move to transfer chairman lee kun hee s wealth to his only son jae yong , as a court tuesday convicted two of the group s executives for assisting in the wealth transfer through illicit bond deals a decade ago ."
"prime minister goh kun on monday tendered his resignation , refusing to buckle under pressure to pass on recommendations needed to appoint new cabinet ministers ."
it took a lot of time for us to come up with the feb .
"in a statement read by the couple s spokesman , clarence mitchell , outside the high court in london on wednesday , the mccanns said they were pleased that express newspapers have today admitted the utter falsity of the numerous grotesque and grossly defamatory allegations that their titles published ."
li said he was outraged by the sentence .
"the verdict , which is expected by the end of the week , will be critical for how events unfold in pakistan . the declaration of a state of emergency would set back a planned transition to civilian rule and prospects of bhutto and musharraf forming an alliance against islamic extremism ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"airlines flying over the pole face loss of communications that could force them to use a different , longer route at an added cost of as much as 100 , 000 per flight ."
"for the time being we have no plans to send any chinese onto the moon , he said ."
"goodman did not disclose what type of medication was involved , saying only it is part of her ongoing treatment ."
walter hill won the guild s directing honor for tv movies for the western broken trail .
"small , who s 57 , says that as he gets older , he might also try eating more foods with curry in them ."
"china surpassed the united states in 2008 as the world s top user of the internet , according to a government backed research group ."
"in 1998 , he was named president of dow jones newswires ."
"we have 3 , 000 fans going to the game and we are extremely concerned for our supporters , the vast majority of whom have already made travel arrangements ."
"gul , who as foreign minister helped turkey win eu accession talks status in 2005 , is the first politician with a background in political islam to become president in mainly muslim but constitutionally secular turkey , over the army s opposition ."
"but when you talk to those who do , you discover that it isn t such a mystery after all ."
"qari yousef ahmadi , who claims to speak for the militants , said the afghan government hadn t responded to any of its demands and that between 11 30 a . m . 3 a . m . edt and 2 p . m . 5 30 a . m . edt the militants would kill a few of the hostages ."
danner and phillips said there are even more dangerous consequences of sleep deprivation for students
what we need to know is that we ve got appropriate means for verification .
"defense attorney fred duchardt , who claims sexual abuse during montgomery s childhood led to mental illness , asked the jury to spare his client s life ."
"a sign the german is expected to play a part in future ryder cups for the europeans , and his calmness under pressure is bound to set him up as a powerful contender ."
the agency said the zombies or bots were a growing threat to national security .
"a heartbroken machin questioned whether the driver was observing proper procedures , saying the truck seemed to barreling through the street at an unsafe speed ."
"ebola is spread through direct contact with the blood or secretions of an infected person , or objects that have been contaminated with infected secretions ."
"as she coupled chic designer splurges with off the rack goodies from j . crew , h m , white house black market and target , fashion spectators say her ability to make a strong statement on a budget sends an important message during tough economic times ."
murray s motivation for creating the t25 runs far deeper .
it seriously violates the norm of international relations and seriously wounded the feelings of the chinese people and interfered with china s internal affairs .
"the paper said , without naming sources , dubai government owned difc had appointed hsbc to advise it on the potential counterbid ."
"on tuesday , wcbs television in new york reported that employees were suspended after leaking clooney s medical information to the press"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
a preliminary draft of the resolution obtained by cnn on thursday expresses grave concern at the growing humanitarian crisis and heavy civilian casualties in gaza as well as civilian deaths in israel from hamas rocket fire .
"whoever the coward was that committed this disgraceful act on our city will be found and prosecuted to the full extent of the law , bloomberg said ."
"the un general assembly has voted overwhelmingly to create a new human rights organization for the world body , despite united states criticism ."
"we will continue to work with our close allies japan , and south korea , and partners china and russia , as we urge north korea to deliver a complete and correct declaration of all its nuclear weapons programs and nuclear weapons and proliferation activities and complete the agreed disablement , casey said ."
the nation s largest bank said they can t track how they re spending the money or refuse to discuss it altogether .
soba noodles served in broth with deep fried shrimp on top .
"the storm was expected to rapidly weaken as it moved inland , forecasters said ."
barcelona refused to panic and grabbed a fourth almost immediately as marco caneira turned the ball into his own net under pressure .
"british troops sunday handed over responsibility for security in the southern iraqi province of basra , a major milestone in the scaling back of the foreign military presence nearly five years after the u . s . led invasion ."
"they also reported more than 70 percent of the roads in the town were damaged , and almost all bridges had collapsed ."
"the remaining troops would be used to train iraqi military and police forces , provide backup for iraqi troops and protect supply lines for british , u . s . and allied troops who remained ."
the teenagers were abducted near meadville and beaten in the homochitto national forest .
"the same kindergarten taught up to 180 children just four years ago , before the u . s . led invasion of iraq that toppled saddam hussein ."
"the bomber also died in the attack , which happened between 7 p . m . and 8 p . m . local time 1500 1600 gmt , 1000 1100 et , police said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
south korean electronics giant samsung has agreed to plead guilty to involvement in price fixing in the us and to pay a 300m fine .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"a spanish woman who lived in switzerland was killed , they said . further details about her were not immediately available ."
it will then launch an international campaign to have it named takeshima .
"general motors charts , fortune 500 no . 5 lost money too , and bp saw its profits decline 1 . 5 in a year when crude prices remained high ."
how do you get rid of the body of a dead astronaut on a three year mission to mars and back ?
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"petersburg ap naval and army cadets marched in tight formation on may 27 across the cobblestones of palace square , the epicenter of st ."
"according to the opinion poll conducted by the advisory council on democratic and peaceful unification , 49 . 1 percent of respondents said among four surrounding powers the u . s . , china , russia and japan the u . s . is the biggest barrier to national reunification ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"before the stunt , seinfeld worked the microphone at a cannes theater where he screened the rough footage . the press corps tried to engage him in a little standup comedy ."
the new york new york hotel casino actually looked like the real new york in december .
champions inter milan beat catania 2 0 with goals from hernan crespo and cesar .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"how to afford childrens school tuition and health care costs robbed just three percent of sleep , the survey said ."
he said the group s commitment is a good incentive for others who have militias to announce their support to the baghdad security plan .
"the twister also destroyed the local headquarters of the red cross , its generators and three of its disaster trailers , an official said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"provision of safe water is the highest priority in controlling an outbreak of cholera , according to the who ."
gangster al capone is sentenced to 11 years behind bars for tax evasion .
"this and other studies have corroborated the startling conclusion that the majority of people , when placed in certain kinds of situations , will follow orders , even if those orders entail harming another person ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
it calls for israelis and palestinians to live side by side in separate states .
"i think it s appropriate for us to convey australia s concern to our counterparts and that s what we ve done , ellison told the abc ."
"in deciding not to renew the contract , irs commissioner doug schulman said he concluded , after a month long review , that tax collection could best be done by government workers ."
"by the time the bush team went public with the news last week , it was also trying to reassure citizens and allies that this standoff would be addressed , at least for now , with diplomacy , not military might ."
"four israelis were also injured by a rocket attack , prompting their prime minister to order a severe response ."
"that s been my forte as the governor of an energy producing state and as a former chair of the , of the energy regulator entity up there in alaska , she said ."
this democratic congress and the house armed services committee will not let the president get away with saying whatever he wants without checking his facts anymore .
"police said that a 24 year old man , who was not fully identified under korea s strict laws on privacy protections , broke into the wooden building at about 1 30 a . m . yesterday , went to the second floor and set a fire that soon engulfed the structure ."
"but when zapeta tried to go through airport security , an officer spotted the money in the bag and called u . s . customs officials ."
"you couldn t ask for a more alarming declaration of noble intent than the authentically scraggly black beard leonardo dicaprio sports as roger ferris , cia point man in iraq , syria , jordan , dubai and other spots in the levant ."
the movie mold for santa was established by gwenn in 1947 s miracle on 34th street .
"the advent of laptops , wi fi and blackberries means that high tech workers are no longer tethered to their desks , and the office of the future will be designed to let workers roam ."
"local human rights group karapatan has accused security forces of carrying out most of the 882 extrajudicial killings since 2001 , when president gloria macapagal arroyo took power , including the deaths of 356 left wing activists ."
"october 31 will be the last day of the polish presence in iraq , major dariusz kacperczyk said , speaking from warsaw ."
"the statue , by sculptor antony dufort , shows her in a typical lively and swashbuckling posture , right arm outstretched , as though she is addressing the house of commons ."
"seoul , south korea ap south korea s foreign ministry said tuesday the government hoped the virginia tech shootings , allegedly carried out by a 23 year old south korean native , would not stir up racial prejudice or confrontation ."
state department spokesman sean mccormack also called the report nonsense .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"more than two thirds say they ve had no effect at all , says cnn senior political analyst bill schneider ."
he underwent drug rehabilitation at a argentine psychiatric center three years ago before continuing his treatment in cuba .
police set up additional checkpoints across the city .
the move follows a diplomatic row between australia and indonesia over the issue of refugees .
"the most recent shelling began at 10 30 p . m . saturday and lasted for more than four hours , striking farmlands and adjacent roads used by villagers ."
"the chief of the khartoum airport told al jazeera arabic network the plane landed safely , but an explosion occurred in one of its engines before it came to a stop , about 10 minutes after the plane had landed ."
"when young men were shown erotic pictures , they were more likely to make a larger financial gamble than if they were shown a picture of something scary , such as a snake , or something neutral , such as a stapler , university researchers reported ."
ex police slapped him with a speeding ticket .
"researchers writing in the online journal science express estimate melting glaciers , which are located all over the globe including in the tropics , could add between 4 and 10 inches to world sea level this century ."
"the astana rider , who lost all hope of winning the race when he cracked and crashed on sunday s 14th stage , went solo 15km from the summit of the col de peyresourde to beat luxembourg s kim kirchen of the t mobile team ."
"there s nothing cultural happening here now , zero ."
"one of the pilgrims , nasir sultan , told the associated press the explosion threw him out of the vehicle . i could see lots of burned bodies , he told ap ."
"dressed in a gold brocade robe , bhumibol stepped onto the balcony and sat in a golden throne as the crowd erupted in shouts of long live the king !"
"the capital muscat became a lake , oman royal police spokesman abdullah al harthi told iran tv ."
flying with the flu ?
"on easter , christians celebrate their belief in the resurrection of jesus two days after he was crucified ."
it happened yesterday .
"for the republicans , it is not a question of who but when . sen . john mccain of arizona has 1 , 047 delegates , 144 shy of the 1 , 191 he needs to lock in the republican nomination ."
"the financial turmoil is more severe than the 1997 asian financial crisis , he said ."
"there is some good news for citizens , however ."
the legislative process is sometimes not very pretty .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
hanuman is one of the most popular gods in the crowded pantheon of hindu deities .
a furious crowd surrounded the police station in rio bonito and reportedly tried to lynch her .
"talk of tibetan independence is considered taboo in communist china , which has ruled the territory since 1951 ."
"it is not easy , however , to employ competitive ones ."
i m talking now as a prime minister and not as a member of the party . . . .
students aren t learning on the same equipment they will use in the business world .
"the state which has no laws banning public nudity advises visitors with a sign at a trail head leading to the beach that warns be advised , you may encounter nude bathers ."
it is the second speech by haniya since israel began its military operation in gaza on december 27 .
"the absence of adequate sanitation has a serious impact on health and social development , especially for children ."
"opposition grand national party lawmakers denounced the government yesterday , accusing it of abusing new legislation governing newspapers and trying to control the press ."
"i ve been here for 12 years , and that s the biggest lobster i ve ever seen , valenti said ."
we live in a time where we have a man who s sending us to war for fictitious reasons .
americans have been particularly hard hit already .
"in a major policy speech , bush refused to set an artificial deadline to withdraw us troops , saying it was not a plan for victory ."
this material may not be published .
"the panel , consisting of seven snu professors and two outside experts , are investigating the authenticity of hwang s work on stem cells ."
"the crisis is the expression of their tibetans deep regret , he said ."
"allawi didn t rule out amnesty , saying sadr wants to be part of the political process and anybody who respects the rule of law is welcome in the new iraq ."
"former defense ministers , former chiefs of staff and other retired generals will hold a hurriedly arranged meeting to demand an apology from roh , according to the retired korean generals and admirals association ."
"at the pp headquarters , the mood was somber among the several hundred people who showed up outside the building ."
washing dishes and living frugally to bring money back to his home country .
bush is expected to speak at the state department dinner .
"the parliament s choice , samak sundaravej , will become prime minister of thailand if the king confirms the parliament s choice ."
"u . s . commerce secretary ron brown , who is leading a delegation of american businessmen , says the region is now ready for foreign investment ."
north korea has published no economic statistics in the past several decades and severely limits its citizens travel and contact with the outside world .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
one of them threw acid on my sister s face .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"he hopes to end the gaza israel violence , which threatens a broader attempt to negotiate a peace agreement with the palestinian leadership in the west bank ."
pakistan s army says it is closing in on the swat valley s main town as it works to weed out entrenched taliban militants .
he has now issued a public apology .
about 40 people were killed across the country in a series of bomb and mortar attacks as shia muslims celebrated the festival of ashura .
he was speaking at the start of what he called an historic tour of the middle east aimed at advancing peace talks .
"speaking after the meeting in the green zone , crocker said he had spelt out washington s concerns about alleged iranian support for insurgents who have been attacking iraqi and us led forces ."
"death tolls in other years are 12 in 2003 , 19 in 2004 and 15 in 2006 ."
"you might have thought that recycling is limited to paper , plastics and glass ."
the discovery offers a new method to trace geological and biological events linked to colossal meteorite and comet strikes and strengthens the theory that some terrestrial atmospheric gases and organic compounds originated in space .
that s why it s important for kids to get the shut eye they need throughout childhood and adolescence .
"i am outraged that president bush has refused to condemn the sentence , he said ."
details of the illness were unclear .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"meanwhile , south africa has said it won t stop a shipment of weapons from china being transported across its territory to zimbabwe ."
an earthquake powerful enough to be felt throughout most of china left thousands of people dead monday and thousands more trapped 8212
can iceland s geo thermal power re heat its economy ?
"while there is no cure for alzheimer s , early detection can improve the quality of life for people affected ."
"and perhaps the strangest of all martin van buren briefly owned two tiger cubs , a gift from the sultan of oman ."
"no details of the meeting on tuesday in the junta s remote new capital , naypyitaw , were available ."
the fuses were shipped to taiwan in fall 2006 and kept in a warehouse there .
hyundai and kia account for more than 70 percent of south korea s automobile exports .
"according to pew , obama leads mccain among women , 53 percent to 40 percent ."
seoul said the agreement was reached on condition its troops were withdrawn as scheduled by the year s end .
wednesday s decision by the law lords allows victims of deliberate assault the same right to sue their attackers after the time limit has expired .
the regal ex stray with a bright white coat and black splotches was carried off the mountain wednesday for the last time and will live with some park rangers in the valley below due to old age and a recent infection claiming the last of his teeth .
"however , it suffered a major setback in november 2003 , when a rocket carrying the second set of spy satellites malfunctioned and was destroyed in mid flight ."
"others are waiting in lines , 30 states that allow early voting ahead of tuesday s election"
"their ultimate aim was to reach kilinochchi the power center of the liberation tigers of tamil , better known as the tamil tigers ."
"the man is featured in 100 photographs sexually abusing at least three boys between the ages of six and 10 , interpol said ."
"the two sides meet next week in beijing , according to eu officials ."
"in a speech broadcast on national radio and television , president idriss deby said he signed a decree increasing the government s powers for 15 days , beginning friday , as provided for in chad s constitution ."
living in a cage in hong kong
they call the concept sustainable development .
"we are looking forward to seeing mr . polanski in court as the matter is litigated , said sandi gibbons , a spokeswoman for the district attorney s office ."
"adventurer and tv show host bear grylls injured his shoulder in antarctica during an expedition to raise money for an international charity , the discovery channel said sunday ."
the indian capital new delhi ordered authorities to stop the practice and told crematoria not to turn away corpses apparently to little effect .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"fund managers do not currently regard climate change as an investment risk , though socially responsible fund managers consider climate change when choosing their investments ."
"a car bomb has wrecked an internet cafe , mangling a bus carrying handicapped children in northwestern pakistan"
chirac asked .
analysts said that icahn might have sold all of his shares already .
"ap reported wednesday that north korea accused the u . s . of defending israel s recent air strike against syria , calling the strike a grave crime that undermines regional peace and stability . president george w . bush tuesday described north korea as one of the brutal regimes that oppresses its own people and urged the u . s ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"overall , in the 2008 election , democrats are expanding their majorities in the house and senate ."
"meanwhile , there were at least three blasts in baghdad , including one inside the heavily fortified green zone ."
tsien was born in new york and received a ph . d . in physiology from cambridge university in 1977 .
"one of the most famous photos of the era shows a white girl yelling at elizabeth eckford , one of the nine , as she walked near the school ."
chicago police say they found the body of a young boy in an suv parked on a city street .
"mentioning his campaign pledge to make the country one of the world s seven biggest economies , lee said the goal is not pie in the sky despite evidence to the contrary ."
"rice said thursday that she was not interested in talking with syria on broader issues , voicing concern damascus would use such an overture to demand concessions from the government in lebanon ."
president elect barack obama says now is not the time for half measures when it comes to righting the economy .
"odell accepted her life with grace , mcmeen said ."
"j . nicholas counter , chief negotiator for producers , called the writers strike precipitous and irresponsible in a prepared statement ."
"all schools will be bound to subordinate themselves to the constitution and comply with the new bolivarian educational system , he said , referring to his socialist movement named after south american independence hero simon bolivar ."
"earlier , authorities identified iraqi doctor bilal abdulla , 27 , as one of two men who rammed an explosives laden suv into a terminal at the airport in glasgow , scotland , saturday , a british source said ."
san antonio s four game sweep was the eighth since the finals began in 1947 .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
she rigorously notified authorities even in light of the uncomfortable public repercussions this would have for her .
the idea is that employees can share videos amongst themselves in a secure setting .
that made overall wholesale prices rise more than expected in april .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"a hamas spokesman in gaza , fouzi barhoum , said earlier that hamas was imposing islamic law on gaza ."
"whether 1994 in argentina , 2001 in the united states or 2004 in spain , these moments bind us together in our grief ."
yushchenko said ukraine will pay its gas arrears of 2007 and will be a stable transit supplier to western europe .
living in a cage in hong kong
"polanski , 75 , has chosen to live in exile since fleeing the united states in 1978 after pleading guilty to having sex with a 13 year old girl ."
"king abdullah has promised compensation for owners , who say the real number of deaths is far higher ."
"tag is not only wifi enabled , and thus a stand alone companion , it recognizes voice commands in five languages and can read you weather forecasts , rss feeds , sms and much more , straight from the internet , in 36 different tongues ."
"we are learning around the world , and relearning here at home , that where women prosper , countries prosper ."
"segar meghani with the president elect , chicago ."
"when britain is prepared to send a young man back to possible execution , that is inhumanity on a monumental scale , said peter tatchell , an activist for gay campaign group outrage . and i hang my head in shame , as a british citizen ."
have been released by the british ministry of defence .
libya agrees to pay for deaths of a past bombing .
"visibly distressed , he told a packed news conference that japan needed a new leader to fight against terrorism ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the egyptian born cleric began serving a seven year prison sentence in 2006 after being convicted in a british court of soliciting murder and inciting racial hatred .
and most military women don t want to be excluded .
"both candidates visited pennsylvania on tuesday , looking ahead to an april 22 contest there that will have 158 delegates at stake"
the two countries presidents discussed the incident by telephone monday in what georgian leader mikhail saakashvili termed a difficult conversation .
we have the means several countries have the means to destroy a bomb .
"it says , the governor shall fill a vacancy , and i , as a former attorney general of my state , i have no knowledge where a secretary of state has veto power over a governor s carrying out his constitutional duties ."
mine that bird squeezed through a tiny hole along the rail to go from the back to the front .
"the report said a political framework for action on climate stability is essential , but said the kyoto protocol , under which many industrial nations except the united states committed to curb greenhouse gas emissions by 2012 , does not go far enough ."
european indexes had slumped earlier after bnp paribas froze three funds saying the market for some of the assets they contained had disappeared .
"violence is the second . these control methods are rampant in sports such as football , swimming , volleyball and basketball , to name just a few , where 90 percent of the training staff are men ."
the president s approval rating has been below 35 percent since october and has not cracked 40 percent since september 2006 .
the division between religion and the state was being threatened by centers of evil .
however one opposition party was hit with a lawsuit alleging defamation against the singapore prime minister .
"maybe it wasn t john lennon s best musical effort , but a tape of an apparently inebriated lennon warbling a cover of lloyd price s just because brought a sobering 30 , 000 at auction sunday in los angeles ."
"the boss and the company were harmed by the paint supplier , the closest friend of our boss , liu , the manager , was quoted as saying ."
"the show s title gives me an excuse to take the nation s pulse , says the british born actress , who became a u . s . citizen in 2006 after living here more than two decades ."
"they may instead talk about sex , substance use , or violence because they are contemplating doing those things , or because they want to brag without actually doing what they say , moreno said ."
"even though he s been reaching out to other former opponents like hillary clinton , the president elect is not expected to offer mccain a job in his administration ."
new york dermatologist lance brown says he s seen an increase in patients wanting to look especially good for the event
we have had snow totals anywhere from 6 inches to a foot .
draft likely to be reduced
the baby is due in the spring and will be the vice president s sixth grandchild . watch mary cheney address critics of the pregnancy
"previously , the government had said the economy could reach its potential growth rate next year ."
"to artists such as coldplay , norah jones and joss stone , agreed to let itunes sell tracks without the copy protection technology known as digital rights management . the drm free tracks cost 30 cents more than copy restricted versions of emi songs and feature enhanced sound quality ."
"nairobi , kenya cnn kenya s opposition party struck a significant blow against the government as its candidates were elected as the house speaker of parliament and deputy speaker in the third round of voting tuesday ."
users talk and listen to callers via a microphone earpiece connected by a thin wire .
"as you drive along the main road from reykjavik to iceland s most famous tourist attractions , the geysers , you pass a rather non descript farm in laugarvatn ."
"his talent is not , he insists , originality of plot , going so far as to say his plots could be found on an episode of csi or law order ."
"portuguese star cristiano ronaldo was named european footballer of the year on tuesday , reward for his brilliant performances for manchester united as they completed the premier league and champions league double ."
"ike skelton , d missouri , chairman of the house armed services committee ."
"the head of iran s atomic energy organization , reza aghazadeh , was quoted by iran s fars news agency as telling iranian state television that the shipment arrived monday ."
"chairman niall quinn told a news conference that he had tried to persuade his former ireland team mate to stay , at least for the next three games , but keane insisted it was time for him to depart ."
"better methods are needed to restrict the use of aggressive and deceptive tactics to market pornography online without also hampering access to legitimate sites , the researchers said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
cedric vasseur clinched the host country s first win in this year s tour de france with victory on the 229 . 5km 10th stage on wednesday .
"in a separate incident , a female suicide bomber attacked an iraqi army checkpoint south of baghdad and killed two iraqi soldiers wednesday , an interior ministry official said ."
spanish media reported monday that real madrid have reached an agreement to sign striker klaas jan huntelaar from ajax during the january transfer window .
"the border conflict has wider implications for the middle east and asia , with the united states concerned that prolonged cross border fighting would serve to destabilize the region , where kurdish separatists pose challenges to power in iran and syria , as well as turkey raquo"
palestinian sources reported that between 17 and 25 militants and 20 civilians have died .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"former no . 1 williams ranking will improve from eighth to sixth , while zvonareva moves from ninth to seventh ."
"many analysts have said that chung will probably avoid a prison term given his central role in running arguably one of the country s two most important corporations , the other being samsung electronics co ."
it will be good for reconciliation if we can encourage more cultural exchanges like this .
"he told cnnmoney . com that although the fed news from the previous session and the financial news from wednesday s session were positive , credit crisis fears remain ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
flying with the flu ?
"a sixth was found in front of the house , tranter said . a dog was also critically wounded , tranter said ."
"the next time wie tees it up , she finally can feel like she belongs ."
"the other broke a leg , the military said ."
"prince harry s father , prince charles , and uncle , the duke of york , have also learned to pilot military helicopters ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the coach has been judged equally guilty since he did not intervene to calm his wrestler , fila secretary general michel dusson told the associated press in a telephone interview . and the federation was responsible for the behavior of its members , the wrestler and the coach , which was reprehensible ."
pelosi said the us commitment in iraq had no end in sight and there should be no more blank checks .
"customers withdrew 2 billion from the bank on friday , the financial times reported , citing an unidentified person described as close to the situation ."
"indonesia is the world s largest archipelago and is prone to seismic upheaval due to its location on the so called pacific ring of fire , an arc of volcanoes and fault lines encircling the pacific basin ."
"earlier , authorities searched the san francisco zoo four times and are certain that there are no more victims of the tiger , which escaped from her pen ."
"as a player , to me the dodgers were the yankees of the national league because . . . you either loved them or you hated them ."
"london , england cnn the world s first biofuel powered commercial aircraft touched down in amsterdam on sunday following a demonstration flight from london s heathrow airport hailed as a first step towards cleaner flying ."
it s quite regular and quite normal for senior iraqi politicians to receive checkups or medical treatment outside of iraq i don t think that this is too big of an issue .
"yakima , washington cnn searchers found the remains of the last three of 10 people killed in a plane crash in washington state , officials said tuesday ."
shares have been at a nosedive around the world .
"hsbc , one of the world s largest banking groups , could lose 1 billion , it announced monday , adding to a litany of expected losses across some of europe s leading financial houses ."
his meeting with north korean leader kim jong il is only the second such meeting since the korean war .
"he will net about 80 million after taxes , georgia lottery corp . spokeswoman tandi reddick said ."
"every ministry involved in national defense beefed up precautionary measures following an emergency meeting of the national security council convened on saturday to enhance security at foreign embassies in seoul and certain key facilities , including government offices , airports and seaports ."
"china s coal industry is the world s deadliest , killing an average of 13 people a day last year . most of the deaths occur in private unregulated mines ."
bush calls meeting with obama friendly
"the new online store will sell 800 plus items , about 90 percent of what s available at the chicago shop ."
space fashion is important and will be in the next generation of space suits .
"bahrain has taken responsible steps to try to prevent future bank from abusing the country s financial system , levey said ."
give yourself at least an hour a day when you completely unplug from electronic devices .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn shortly after making their coalition official , pakistan s main opposition parties on sunday called on president pervez musharraf to immediately convene parliament ."
that was basically a wardrobe malfunction .
"and the american people shall discover that you are all one side of the same coin of tyranny , criminality and failure ."
"more than 2 , 000 tourists were also on hand to watch the rocket soar into space after paying 800 yuan 106 ."
the result is a sort of guerrilla war against charisma .
"there is also concern about a worldwide credit crunch triggered by rising defaults in risky u . s . mortgages , which has led to mountains of bad assets at major american and european banks ."
it s suspected that the attorneys were dismissed for political reasons .
"strickland and federal emergency management agency officials surveyed damage in the heavily flooded northwest ohio village of ottawa , where he walked through the muddy streets ."
"the roughhewn walls and ceilings contain bricks hundreds of years old , all imported from europe there are 850 , 000 in all ."
"however , he returned inside after appearing on his porch and waving and accepting gifts from his supporters ."
"but a wall street journal article on monday in which news of rove s pending resignation came out said rove will offer advice , if asked , but at 56 years old says he is done with political consulting ."
"and while researchers do not yet understand the exact risks from decades of persistent exposure to random combinations of low levels of pharmaceuticals , recent studies which have gone virtually unnoticed by the general public have found alarming effects on human cells and wildlife ."
you can t outrun him .
"riot police were deployed sunday around the capital , but there were no signs of major protests , dealey said ."
"mrs . clinton has more than cleared that bar , using her years in the senate well to immerse herself in national security issues , and has won the respect of world leaders and many in the american military ."
"it had been eight days and 28 plate appearances since bonds hit his 754th home run , and he came out for early batting practice saturday , hoping to break his slump ."
"milo lopez , the associated press ."
"the group said win shwe , a member of pro democracy leader aung san suu kyi s national league for democracy nld , was cremated at the detention center . the report could not be independently verified ."
cholesterol drugs could help those with healthy levels
"later tuesday , president bush said he had spoken to snow and told him he was in the first family s prayers ."
"adults with well developed immune systems can usually fend off the virus , but children are particularly vulnerable to it , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention ."
"when hospital officials couldn t reach the family , they called pennsylvania state police for help ."
"one of the other myths is that this is a problem of poor , inner city , mostly minority youth ."
"i think if we are thoughtful about going about this the way the admiral mcconnell has suggested , we will find a lot of the disagreement and concern and anxiety and in some cases anger and frustration said democratic sen . sheldon whitehouse of rhode island ."
"china has drawn international criticism for its crackdown on the demonstrations , which began peacefully on the 49th anniversary of a failed tibetan uprising ."
"working on a trawler s deck was hard and dangerous , but the pay was good ."
"the mission consists of a main orbiting satellite at about 100 kilometers 62 miles altitude and two smaller satellites , the site said ."
"four soldiers , rifles at rest , stood guard as ordinary new zealanders said goodbye to a national hero , whose achievements are known around the world ."
you can also use a damp sponge .
"when asked what s next , he said , i m going to the toy store ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"if there were no olympics , the city would still be building and expanding into rural land because of urbanization , she said ."
"austin , texas cnn lady bird johnson , who was first lady during the 1960s and in her later years became an advocate for beautifying public landscapes , died wednesday , family spokesman tom johnson said ."
"instead , chirac said , the danger lies in the chances of proliferation or an arms race in the middle east should iran build a nuclear bomb ."
"its e mail service , gmail , which puts advertisements up alongside mails people receive based on a scan of their contents"
"just a week ago , twin suicide bombers set off explosives at the pakistan navy war college in lahore , killing at least five people . in january , a suicide bomber apparently targeting police detonated an explosive outside a court in the city , killing at least 23 people ."
"genzel said the center of the galaxy was a unique laboratory for the study of the strong gravity , stellar dynamics and star formation with a level of detail never possible beyond our galaxy ."
"with your help , along with the service and sacrifice of americans across the nation who are hungry for change and ready to bring it about , i have faith that all will in fact be well . and it is with that faith , and the high hopes i have for the enduring power of the american idea , that i offer the people of my beloved home a very affectionate thanks ."
"we found this criticism right and started to look for legal possibilities of a case like that , hurriyet daily news . com reported ."
"hussein had the ability to restart the weapons program and professed to wanting to do that , piro said ."
"to both save a little money and enjoy a hike , you can buy a rambler ticket to the top of the aiguille du midi , but only halfway back down ."
president of the st .
"cnn liangqiao , a small collection of huts and farms in southern china , is known as a cancer village ."
"the korea times reports the government plans to monitor the nation s online communities every month , to crack down on an increasing number of personal information dealers within the virtual world ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"i don t want to talk about what will come next , said microsoft lawyer brad smith in answer to questions about the possibility of an appeal ."
"fried yucca and ice cold brahma beer are the perfect companions to ceviche , the national dish of peru , made with seafood , maize , crescents of sweet potato and a citrus marinade ."
"also , the army has struggled to entice soldiers and marines not to leave the service ."
"park rae boo , the chairman of the korea press foundation , made it clear that he will complete his tenure through 2010 in keeping with the law and regulations ."
"gen . luis luna paulino , director of civil defense for the dominican republic , said 16 people have died there and 16 are missing ."
"ronaldo acknowledged to police he knew they were prostitutes but did not realize they were cross dressers until getting to a motel sunday night , when one allegedly tried to extort him to hide the story from the media , according to police ."
"the image , taken last month , reveals at least four avalanches of fine ice and dust breaking off from a steep cliff and settling on the slope below ."
"a six times all star during his nine year nba career , nowitzki totalled 1 , 138 points , including 83 first place votes , from a panel of 129 journalists ."
"when the organizers allowed me to take part in the preliminaries this time , i thought that there was a change in the chinese policy , she said ."
"during the last gap in space flight , which ended in 1981 , the agency had a brain drain in which experienced engineers and technicians left for other opportunities and essentially , the manned space program went off the radar screen , lambright said ."
draft likely to be reduced
south korea may ease restrictions on foreign films .
"this guy says how can you do anything in grand folks , north dakota when it s 26 below ?"
"pereira s 8 year old grandson , mateus , was attacked by the anaconda while wandering near a creek on his grandfather s ranch in the city of cosmorama , about 250 miles 400 kilometers northwest of sao paulo ."
"mexico city , mexico cnn mexican telecom billionaire carlos slim has overtaken microsoft founder bill gates as the world s wealthiest man with riches of 59 billion , according to fortune magazine ."
the coast of the abel tasman national park has to be one of the most beautiful places in the world .
kaindi said the accident was still under investigation .
"when you re done , pick up some impeccably made leather purses from scula del cuoio , a leather school next door ."
he says that can definitely make a difference in the classroom .
"seattle , washington cnn faced with growing competition from cheaper rivals , starbucks corp . is selling small cups of drip coffee for 1 with free refills as part of a test in its hometown ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the official did not provide details about the writings , which first came to the attention of faculty in the english department , but said they were passed on to the department chairwoman and university administrators ."
draft likely to be reduced
the winner travels the world for a year on behalf of charities and pageant sponsors .
"earlier , heavy rains forced schools to shut and grounded flights , and flooding brought central shanghai to a standstill ."
"mauritania is not involved with this boat or its occupants , and has refused to give permission for the boat to land , government spokesman babah sidi abdallah said ."
"the renowned low fat , high fiber diet has decayed into a moribund state in its traditional regions , according to the united nations food and agriculture organization fao ."
"25 year old dani graves and his fiancee tasha maltby , who is 19 , of dewsbury , west yorks , claim they have been discriminated against by bus firm arriva yorkshire ."
"and her sister , constance , was lowered into the ocean , according to karen kamuda of the titanic historical society in indian orchard , mass ."
"to many of it s inhabitants , second life is much more than just a 3 d online game ."
"four of the five crew members on board the boeing 747 were slightly injured and were hospitalized , said jan van der cruysse , spokesman at brussels airport ."
scientists point out there s nothing new about these viruses .
"family spokesman adam handelsman referred calls to another spokesman , who did not immediately respond friday night ."
"because the alcohol is not in liquid form , we can sell it to people below 16 , said project member martyn van nierop ."
"the leaders will discuss humanitarian aid to the palestinians and israeli security concerns , as well as the institutions of a future palestinian state , baker said ."
"although it s unknown how many of those deaths are linked to gum disease , oral pathologist dr . dwight weathers of emory university suspects that the number would be high , given that 85 percent of people over age 65 and probably half of people younger than that have some form of periodontal disease ."
"last year alone , the won gained 8 . 8 percent against the greenback , recording the highest appreciation rate among asian currencies after thailand s baht , and the growth momentum has continued this year"
"there are sniffer dogs , and all the other usual precautions are taken ."
the wto report says that foreign made car parts are currently in a less favourable position than their chinese made alternatives .
"hamburg , germany reuters roger federer brought an end to rafael nadal s 81 match winning streak on clay on sunday , beating the spaniard 2 6 6 2 6 0 to win the hamburg masters final and give his french open preparations the perfect boost ."
japanese vice foreign minister itsunori onodera announced the incident at an international seminar for african and asian delegates to the international whaling commission .
president hu jintao ordered an immediate inquiry .
"thursday s convictions are not related to those accusations , and prosecutors did not present the dirty bomb plot to the jury ."
"actors always want to play the villain role at least once in their life . i had a good time because i could finally realize a full range of expressions and emotions , he told cnn ."
"the vehicle belonging to the suspect in the killing of a pregnant marine was found outside a motel in north carolina , police tell cnn ."
"ninety eight nicaraguans were killed , abelino cox told the ap ."
"young democracies from georgia and ukraine to afghanistan and iraq , can look to the united states for proof that self government can endure ."
the flyers purported to be from an islamic group thanking labor for its sympathy for the bali bombers .
"reviving his desire to play an active role in relations between north and south korea , former president kim dae jung said yesterday that if he were invited to visit pyongyang , he is prepared to discuss a range of issues concerning the korean peninsula ."
he said no nato or afghan forces were on the ground in musa qala .
"university , and to participate in a conference on science and spirituality and an interfaith session on religion ."
mayor johnny piper said thursday s council meeting would be the last held in that room .
it would not have gone 200 meters into the atmosphere before tehran would be razed .
international olympics committee president jacques rogge has confirmed his intention to stand as a candidate for a second term in the position .
"we don t have an estimated time of containment , but really what we re doing is looking ahead through the rest of today and tomorrow , in anticipation of the santa ana winds ."
"there s a lot on the president s plate this , his one hundredth day in office ."
"heartland golf park , for example , has to close for a few hours to replace divots and water the greens ."
"citing security concerns and technological limits , the pentagon has cut off access to those sites for personnel using the defense department s computer network ."
"it also means korea will reach its goal of spending more than 0 . 1 percent of the nation s gross national income a year earlier than planned , the official said ."
president roh accepts the constitutional court s ruling against his capital relocation project .
pakistanis head to the polls on february 18 to choose a new parliament in a vote that is widely expected to deliver a blow to musharraf s ruling pakistan muslim league party .
"paris , france cnn a suspected pedophile sought in a worldwide interpol manhunt has been identified and is believed to be in thailand , the international police organization said monday ."
officials said one of the five people still hospitalized was in serious condition
"the inmates overpowered the prison guards and fled amid gunfire , sharma told the new delhi television news channel ."
"by wearing two hats , daschle not white house staffers will be writing the health care plan that obama submits to congress next year ."
pnc financial services economist stuart hoffman says we re in for a lousy several months .
"barack obama and his wife released their tax returns from 2000 to 2006 on his campaign web site tuesday , and the illinois senator challenged sen . hillary clinton to release hers ."
"the incident happened before dawn , when troops manning a defense line in the northern sri lanka village of muhamalai attempted to advance toward the rebel stronghold of kilinochchi in the northern wanni region , the sources said ."
"hess said online stores designed web sites to make shopping easier , while convincing customers of the security of their credit card numbers ."
"pyeongchang led the first round with 36 votes , followed by sochi with 34 and salzburg with 25 ."
conservationists in parks such as the masai mara say they rely on tourism to keep the parks up and running .
"the children chose the name because it is very common here , the spokesman told pa ."
"the attorneys also don t believe spears , 26 , is capable of giving a deposition or signed declaration , flanagan said ."
i ll let you know where to go .
"then he attended a dinner hosted by browne and joined by their counterparts from the other nato allies with troops in southern afghanistan the netherlands , canada , australian , romania , denmark and estonia ."
rebel spokesman rasiah ilanthirayan did not answer repeated calls from the ap seeking comment .
"the victims could not escape from their cellblock after the attackers set fire to mattresses at the lockup in the town of ponte nova in the south central brazilian state of minas gerais , according to the web site of globo tv ."
"he also questioned her popularity and her claim that she would win the elections , the article said ."
"his remarks came hours before u . n . envoy ibrahim gambari met with myanmar s military leader , senior gen . than shwe , the associated press cited a foreign diplomat as saying on condition of anonymity ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"according to the lead author , dr . paul ridker of the brigham and women s hospital in boston , massachusetts , the pharmaceutical company had no input in the study s design and didn t see the final data analysis until the study was submitted for publication ."
"sarkozy has come under increasing pressure to take a stance on the unrest . he said he had not yet made a decision on what to do , but the mere suggestion of a boycott represented a clear threat to chinese authorities ."
"tim kassouf lost 45 pounds , and it all started when he got really mad at his girlfriend ."
the french government has authorized a range of emergency powers in an effort to combat 12 nights of rioting .
living in a cage in hong kong
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
draft likely to be reduced
"critics also see the jet as an environmental concern at a time when the aviation industry is under pressure as one of the biggest producers of carbon dioxide , seen as a key factor in global warning ."
the internet today has the same feeling of excitement that virtual reality had three or four years ago .
"among democrats , sen . hillary clinton of new york wins the most support , with 33 percent of likely democratic caucus goers backing clinton and 31 percent supporting sen . barack obama of illinois ."
"washington cnn researchers who launched an experimental cyber attack caused a generator to self destruct , alarming the government and electrical industry about what might happen if such an attack were carried out on a larger scale , cnn has learned ."
"the least watched oscars ceremony ever was in 2003 , when there were 33 million viewers ."
the latest polls show that presidential frontrunner lee myung bak of the grand national party maintains a 12 percent to 15 percent lead over his rival park geun hye despite park s all out attacks on the former seoul mayor .
"by the end of march , he will have visited some 30 bear dens around the state , tagging , weighing and taking the vital signs of hibernating mothers and their offspring as part of an effort to gauge the health and size of pennsylvania s bruin population ."
"ms bhutto s coffin was removed from hospital in rawalpindi and has now arrived by plane in sukkur in sindh province for burial in her home town , larkana ."
"the meeting ended three hours later , and olmert s convoy left jericho ."
the fbi issued a terrorism alert for authorities to be on the lookout for a man from yemen or saudi arabia and more than a dozen of his associates on u . s . interests in the united states or yemen .
"he said gaza keeps about four days of fuel reserves , the ap reported ."
"in the short run , the american economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply here at home , said bush , adding there is no more pressing issue than gas prices for many americans ."
"when you re going through difficult times , it is still very important to market and showcase your business , fiona jeffery , chairman of the world travel market , told cnn ."
"babies have an immature esophagus , meaning that what goes down is very likely to come back up , especially liquids ."
"in the film , he draws a contrast between president bush and his father , former president george h . w . bush , whom stone says was a far more diplomatic commander in chief . we went to war in iraq and he did not go all the way , referring to the elder bush ."
arsenal kept attacking despite senderos dismissal and were rewarded for their enterprise with a third goal after 59 minutes .
and whether they exist at all remains cloaked in mystery .
this material may not be published .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"despite problems of ongoing war and the temporary disbanding of the nation s football association , iraq has had an international resurgence in recent years ."
"jim carrey on films , depression and love"
"another regional commander , major general arif budi santoso , told metro tv that no wreckage had been found at the supposed crash site ."
shublaq was detained by singaporean police and charged with entering the island illegally .
human rights groups have long accused the military government of abuse and torture of prisoners .
a lawyer who was visiting fiji to assess its legal system has been refused entry by the country s military government .
"a rise in the u . s . market , higher chicago futures and the stabilizing yen should help japanese stocks , especially exporters and others with good earnings results , said hiroichi nishi , a general manager of equity marketing at nikko cordial securities ."
the 26 year old heiress checked into the century regional detention facility in lynwood just after 11 30 p . m . sunday .
samsung unveils world s first 16gb nand flash memory chip .
"when we hit the ground for the last time , things started to fall down from the overhead bins . . . the smoke started to get in the plane . people were really panicked , she said ."
"keegan , who was hailed as the savior of the club when he returned earlier in the year for a second spell in charge , fell out with ashley over transfer policy ."
former beatle ringo starr has given his fans a ticket to ride .
"however , radical clerics have labeled the show un islamic , calling for its end . but that hasn t stopped viewers from tuning in and voting for their favorites via mobile phone ."
"aziz told state run tv that about 850 students remained inside including children , around 600 women and some 14 men armed with kalashnikov sub machine guns ."
"the spreading flames prompted mandatory evacuations of up to 300 homes tuesday in the los feliz neighborhood on the park s south side , according to the fire department ."
video showed pakistani forces in uniform with shields and sticks trying to move a razor wire barricade surrounding the protesters .
"genson urged that more than a dozen witnesses , including incoming white house chief of staff rahm emanuel , be subpoenaed ."
menu foods extended its original recall after hearing reports that vendors had not taken all of the recalled products off store shelves .
"chirac who made the comments during a monday interview with the new york times , the international herald tribune and le nouvel observateur , a weekly magazine called reporters back the next day to try to have his quotes retracted ."
"security forces have tightened measures to guard bus terminals in the south , fielding plainclothes police officers on board about 200 commuter buses on mindanao and setting up more checkpoints to restrict movements of potential bombers ."
glenda may be as far overboard in her assessment of the future as she was in her computer use .
and her approach worked best .
"in protest against the expulsions , about 100 students , including those who received the penalty , held a rally yesterday , cutting their hair ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"this is bringing more and more women into our group , and i think we re getting more support from catholics who are saying this is getting ridiculous , she said ."
police in the netherlands say they have cracked a crime ring which allegedly trafficked nigerian children into the west to work as sex slaves .
"dean said he agrees with sen . chris dodd that if the party goes to the convention divided , they will hand the election to sen . john mccain , the presumptive gop nominee ."
"railway and highway routes have been brought to a standstill , several regional airports have been closed and many provinces have imposed power brownouts to conserve energy ."
the taliban have already killed the leader of the christian group last week in an apparent demonstration of their hard line position on the issue .
"howard , a staunch supporter and personal friend of bush , has defied widespread domestic opposition to the war , keeping about 1 , 400 australian troops in and around iraq , mostly in non combat roles ."
japan is the largest financial contributor after the united states for the rebuilding effort in iraq .
"the removal of the incumbents from the party list for the april general elections is a first in gnp history , and the move infuriated former party chairwoman , park geun hye , since two of those delisted are her key supporters ."
"the largest opposition group , the conservative grand national party , saw none of its members join the legal action ."
entertainment tonight reporter mark steines was the master of ceremonies of the show .
but the themes of this day he would know
but his health has revived and argentina fans hope that he can transfer the ability he had as a player onto the bench as an inspirational coach alongside veteran manager carlos bilardo .
"the official government controlled xinhua news agency said more than 1 , 000 people carrying banners had gathered in front of a carrefour store in the city of xian , and there were also protests in harbin and jinan ."
the 40 page report was censored by the pentagon before being officially published on saturday .
"meals rejected by everyone is a popular nickname for mres , which stands for meals ready to eat , those brownish polymer pouches filled with precooked food and snacks ."
"we would be interested in diplomatic discussions , and , in my view , it is quite resolvable , said larijani , who also said he believed there should be a delegation to clarify whether the british personnel intruded into iranian waters ."
"but as predicted , expectations for true progress in this round of talks are low ."
"most of the women that we find at hospitals who have tried to commit suicide have been involved in prostitution , said basma rahim , a member of mohammed s team ."
the 67 year old torre becomes the dodgers eighth manager since they moved west from brooklyn for the 1958 season .
"besides the internet , the outage caused major disruption to television and phone services , creating chaos for the uae s public and private sectors ."
"the farm groups said they would go to congress , the catholic church and the supreme court to resolve the crisis , which has presented a formidable challenge to president cristina fernandez de kirchner s government since the tax was imposed march 11 ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"in another instance of judicial support for the national security law , the seoul high court upheld yesterday a lower court conviction of a senior civic group member over his support for korean unification ."
special search and rescue teams from the u . s . and france are at the site where the three story building crumbled on friday .
"china boasts thousands of historical monuments from its 5 , 000 year history and hundreds of major archaeological finds are uncovered each year ."
"before the hatches were closed in the late afternoon , a few hours before the shuttle s undocking , astronaut garrett reisman pretended he was going to float into endeavour ."
sapa also reported that the right reverend rubin philip reiterated the call for government action on crime .
"the election had been due to take place in late 2008 , but saakashvili said it would now be scheduled for jan . 5 to receive the trust of the people ."
"maier , who started from the 10th position , had been nursing a back injury during training in the canadian rockies , having suffered a lower disc injury in early september ."
"north korea is rushing toward an end of year deadline to disable a key nuclear facility that produced materials to make nuclear bombs , the united states said wednesday ."
"kang sung goo , secretary general of the south korean office of transparency international , a non governmental organization devoted to raising awareness of and combating corruption , says that while there have been positive developments , more needs to be done ."
"barboursville , virginia cnn winemaker luca paschina arrived from italy 17 years ago on a mission to bring his craft to virginia , tailor grape growing to the local climate and soil , and succeed where thomas jefferson failed a couple hundred years before ."
"abramovich has seen his fortune cut by over 3 billion to 7 billion 10 . 29b in the global economic downturn , the magazine estimated ."
"alley wentworth is back , playing a therapist to the stars on head case , and one of her patients this season is her old schmoopy , jerry seinfeld"
"the national party stripped florida of its delegates last year , along with michigan , when both states scheduled their primaries in january in violation of dnc instructions ."
homegrown content accounted for 46 percent of the market in 2001 compared with 32 percent the previous year .
"president george w bush will visit the state on thursday , after declaring a state of emergency in seven counties ."
"on a good day , banafsha will trek back across the steep hills to the home she helped her mother build , with some bread in her bag and maybe 50 cents ."
"at the same time we think we must earnestly consider the security concerns of north korea , hu said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"police said they had arrested a man , who was allegedly a member of one of japan s leading organized crime groups ."
"the rate is used to set rates for a wide variety of consumer loans , including credit cards , and many business loans ."
"but the deal broke down in 2002 , when the us reneged on the agreement , accusing the north of admitting to a secret program to enrich uranium for weapons production , and last month the international consortium formally announced it was abandoning the lwr project ."
"officials instead concentrated on supplying food and water to tens of thousands of people at emergency shelters , and others who had decided to ride out the flood on the roofs of their homes , in a bid to discourage looters ."
"benedetti joined the vatican police corps in april , the statement said ."
"we were able to succeed in iraq , with a strategy , and with a kind of tactics and a sufficient number of troops , we will prevail here as well ."
"new delhi cnn a man in southern india married a female dog in a traditional hindu ceremony in a bid to atone for stoning two dogs to death , a newspaper reported tuesday ."
jennifer hudson to sing national anthem at super bowl
"other list makers include scarlett johansson , mathew mcconaughey , jennifer aniston , reese witherspoon , halle berry , julia roberts , jennifer lopez and wentworth miller . another world title for singer rain this time , he was crowned as one of people magazine s 100 most beautiful 2007 ."
"hadley said the intelligence community came to the new conclusions on tuesday , based on information gathered over the past few months , and president bush was briefed about them on wednesday ."
"a sailor was killed in salaheddin province as a result of injuries sustained from an explosion while conducting operations , the military said ."
"it s just that the gap is narrowing , said gerontologist dr ."
it said it is making necessary inquiries for the purpose of verifying the allegations .
"you may know your stuff , but technical prowess won t get you to the top unless you can express yourself in written and spoken words to a variety of audiences"
some have interpreted those words to mean that everyone has a right to own a gun others say the amendment protects only the right of citizens to form a militia .
ex the alliance was forged in the crucible of war .
it is called surface .
cathedral offers garden to sex abuse victims
"mccain , obama on blitz through battleground states on final day"
kang s plea marks the third and final guilty plea in what the u . s . government has called a significant conspiracy to obtain sensitive information on u . s . weapons destined for taiwan .
"in the champions league there will be no changes to the core format of eight groups of four teams each , platini said ."
"the move is part of a wider recall of 665 , 000 by the consumer product safety commission cpsc ."
"by pretending to attend college , the office said , the chinese could work here legally on student visas ."
"a native of the indo pacific region , the ostracion cubicus is surprisingly slick ."
"in places like pennsylvania and florida , they generally approve of his handling of the economic crisis by a net 30 point margin , in that vicinity"
the power has gone off across the country frequently in the last few weeks sometimes for up to five hours at a time as demand exceeds supply .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the move is part of a deal agreed in february , in which pyongyang pledged to disarm in exchange for fuel aid ."
the other issue which may be on the talks agenda is south korea s role in global defense .
or maybe it will be a combination of both american and british .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
kim also said it would be difficult to shut down the nuclear reactor by the saturday deadline .
"if i were running al qaeda in iraq , i would put a circle around march 2008 , and pray , as many times as possible , for a victory not only for obama , but also for the democrats , howard said , speaking on sunday , a tv show on australia s nine network ."
"it is also installing fences on rooftops and parapets , and launching massive anti suicide campaigns . religious groups and ngos will be encouraged to join in a pan national campaign on human dignity ."
"if it wasn t for what the jews brought to christianity , there would be no christianity , christofaro said ."
"bromo , a 7 , 641 foot 2 , 329 meter volcano , is one of java s most popular tourist attractions ."
additional release of iraqi pows .
"also found were mines , pipe bombs , rocket propelled grenades , mortar tubes and rounds and 130 pounds of homemade explosives ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the dow is down 150 points in the first half hour .
"meanwhile , crash rates increased 7 . 8 percent in the rest of the state , where the school schedules had not been adjusted ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
mike tanner of the cato institute says republican john mccain was doing alright until the economy melted down .
hundreds of people have been detained .
"a man armed with two pistols hijacked an air mauritania flight thursday but was subdued by two passengers , a spanish official said ."
"torture in china includes the use of electric shocks , beatings , shackles , and other forms of abuse , according to the report ."
"the countries that economically are very diverse , with big immigrant populations , with lots of moving around , with a huge poverty gap , probably are going to show these sorts of results with education itself ."
"even mcdonalds will soften the yellow glow from some of its golden arches , as part of the time zone by time zone plan to dim non essential lights saturday for one hour , between 8 30 pm and 9 30 pm ."
"the president is touring the trinity towers plant in newton , iowa , a plant where maytag used to make washers and dryers , but where now a texas company builds towers for wind turbines ."
"the right hander was examined by a trainer midway through the three set victory , and she withdrew from the event before her next match ."
"the security council is the forum to discuss issues that threaten the peace and security of the international community . what makes wars start ? fights over water . changing patterns of rainfall . fights over food production , land use , beckett said ."
one western official close to the case told cnn that iraqi courts have not addressed whether the absence of a signature constitutes a de facto pardon or a stay of execution .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"under the city s trap neuter return , or tnr , project , a cat will be caught in a trap , neutered by veterinarians , then released where it was captured after three to seven days of recovery ."
japan s no . 2 automaker will begin testing a prototype with its assembly line workers later this month for feedback .
"adventures in a new world , mr greenspan who has described himself as a lifelong libertarian republican spares no criticism of the republican party ."
bloomberg mentioned in his editorial that he would work to steer the national conversation away from partisanship and toward unity
a carjacker pulled loginova out of her porsche cayenne sunday in moscow .
"bomb attacks and other strategies are possible , according to abu dujana , who police call the most dangerous terror suspect they have ever dealt with ."
turkey has been mired in political turmoil since april when the islamist rooted ak party first nominated gul as their candidate .
jose mourinho s instant response was to take off john obi mikel and bring on claudio pizarro as he reverted from a 4 5 1 to a 4 4 2 formation .
"the appointment was announced by park nam choon , the senior presidential secretary for personnel affairs , yesterday ."
"canary wharf film festival director olivia bellas says she was motivated to start the festival as she wanted to show the creative side of canary wharf , an area that is famed for being london s banking hub ."
"chinese premier wen jiabao urged japan s parliament on thursday not to forget tokyo s wartime aggression , even as the two asian powers mend their strained ties and bolster thriving business relations ."
"ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld remembers the million selling author of jurassic park , who passed in los angeles at 66 ."
our jim milatello is there
"the group said it found abuses at the factories licensed to make official olympic caps , bags and stationery ."
radical islamist web sites acknowledged al libi s death .
whether yours might be one of them is well worth knowing .
"darpa , the defense advanced research projects agency , a subsection of the dod , specialize in technologies they believe are about 25 years away from being realized and try to make them happen in five years time ."
"li said that the orbiter was programmed to respond as it did , but that orbiter team members were trying to get the radio back on ."
the us came second with eight tons of carbon per head 16 times more than that produced by india .
"the crash nine weeks after another boeing 737 plunged into the sea , killing all 102 people on board put the spotlight back on indonesia s patchy aviation safety record ."
"we are progressing on the security issue day by day because we are having security responsibility handed over to us continuously , al maliki said . we see no need for a withdrawal timetable because we are working as fast as we can ."
investigators questioned him over whether he took samsung s managerial control through illegal deals and whether the group systemically plotted the transaction .
"indonesia is looking for new technologies and management systems for waste minimization , treatment and , where possible , recycling or reuse ."
it said the ban will safeguard the morals and dignity of the women as well as thwart rape .
observers are keen to see whether the gnp will continue with its record of sweeping election victories in recent years .
"four chairs will be placed facing the empty seat reserved for the chairman and all visitors must enter the office barefoot , said vivek kangdi , the school s vice chairman ."
"the careful sourcing behind the anchovies , salumi and cheeses"
"in 1995 , prime minister alain juppe backed down after three weeks of strikes in response to his efforts ."
"juventus move to second , three points behind inter , on goal difference from roma and udinese who beat siena 2 0 ."
beijing regards the island of taiwan which has been under democratic self rule since the end of the civil war in 1949 as a renegade province which should eventually be reunified with the communist mainland .
space shuttle endeavour landed safely sunday afternoon at california s edwards air force base after nasa waved off two opportunities for a florida landing because of poor weather .
asakusa is the place to be in late august if you want to see the ancient japanese art of . . . samba .
"u . s . national security council nsc spokesman gordon johndroe said that the u . s . does not want to get involved in south korea s election politics , and hopes to continue cooperative relations with the next president , according to yonhap news ."
"lawmaker walid eido , his son , khalid , and two of his bodyguards were killed , lebanese media reports said ."
most of them would lose that coverage if their company goes out of business .
pope benedict xvi reiterated the roman catholic church s opposition to homosexual behavior and warned that humanity could destroy itself .
who defines normal bmi as 18 . 5 to 24 . 9 .
"if the party does things in this way , there will be no primary , she told reporters ."
the move dealt a blow to the bush administration s attempts to try guantanamo detainees in military court .
"but returned again friday , just in time for the walk a thon ."
"he chief south korean and u . s . negotiators plodded on , trying to conclude free trade agreement negotiations on their second of three days of informal talks in washington d . c ."
children will no longer be obliged to go by the father s surname and can follow the mother s .
pyongyang did not say whether it would accept inspections by the international atomic energy agency .
the mumps vaccine
"the dollar s descent against major currencies has drawn investors to crude futures as a hedge against the weakening currency and made dollar denominated oil futures less expensive to people dealing in other currencies , said david moore , commodities strategist with the commonwealth bank of australia in sydney ."
former u . s . president jimmy carter urged better health training and sanitation monday to help eradicate preventable diseases in africa .
"but clinton backers vowed to fight the michigan decision , which gave the new york senator a 10 delegate edge over obama in a state where his name didn t appear on the primary ballot ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
korean government protested strongly about japan s claims to the dokdo islets .
"specifically , he said , the north must provide evidence that the equipment and plates for the so called supernotes had been destroyed so that concerns about further ability to print more notes will be reduced ."
the world health organization who says it is extremely worried about a cluster of recent human deaths from the virulent h5n1 strain of bird flu .
"britain s department of health said the written warnings which include the simple phrase , smoking kills"
brothers meng xianchen and meng xianyou were trapped while working at an illegal mine in beijing s fangshan district late on saturday august 18 .
"checkpoints have been established throughout the region and aircraft including helicopters , drones and jets have been deployed in the search ."
they are so avant garde in their skills that they invent solutions to imaginary problems while forgetting what their customers really need in the workaday world .
"the last thing i want is a conflict between the koreans and the jews because of my book , he said ."
ayres lives in the same chicago neighborhood as the obamas .
"if iran s nuclear dossier is referred to the un security council , large scale uranium enrichment will be resumed ."
"with the squirrel hanging on by its teeth , the woman ran out into the street , where she managed to shake the animal off ."
the flautist sports a big bushy moustache just like the emperor franz josef who looks down from a yellowed poster above the door to the kitchen .
"the poll showed that more than 90 percent of koreans consider the current real estate boom a potentially harmful bubble , while only 1 . 1 percent of respondents believe the land and apartment prices are undervalued ."
"customs officials carried out a thorough and complete inspection of the ship , its crew and its contents , a spokesman for france s foreign ministry said ."
i don t think it s the end of the world .
"it is pulling its forces back from front line positions , and reducing its forces to 25 , 000 by the end of 2008 . neighboring north korea will also be on the agenda ."
"gay and spearmon s coach , lance brauman , was released from prison on tuesday after serving a year for embezzlement and mail fraud ."
"in the new application , shin is accused of embezzlement , in addition to academic forgery ."
"men have to be able to size up a woman visually to see if she can bear babies , says dr . fisher ."
neither he nor his lawyer have commented on the charges .
"it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not , pruitt said , explaining that several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend ."
"while the family huddled in the culvert , lexi led them in impromptu singalongs ."
"the tech heavy kosdaq market closed down 11 . 43 points , or 1 . 74 percent , at 644 . 51 ."
"the korea times reports the party replaced kim with choi dong kyu to run in the taebaek yeongweol district , gnp spokeswoman cho yoon seon said tuesday ."
europe is set to send a probe to venus .
"federal court papers showed the emerald has been at the center of a dispute between a california man who claimed ownership , a company he contracted with to sell it , and a potential buyer ."
"narrowing its year to date loss , after the institute of supply management said its factory activity index snapped an 18 month slump ."
human rights groups have called for a boycott of the two week sale .
u . s . embassy workers in iraq were told to remain in secure buildings and wear protective clothing as rockets continued to rain down on baghdad s international zone .
"the bank of korea raised korea s guiding interest rate by a quarter of a percentage point , to 3 . 5 percent , ending a period of record low rates that began last november ."
but hawass said he fears a more recent phenomenon mass tourism is further deteriorating tut s mummy .
"new york ap harry potter star daniel radcliffe , who strips for his new role in london s west end revival of the play equus , has ignited a bit of a media firestorm by posing for racy promotional photos for the production ."
"hopefully after this tragedy , there will be a sense of national unity because these terrorists attack all iraqis despite backgrounds ."
"military sources said two mi 24 helicopter gunships , a u . s . built beechcraft reconnaissance plane and a chinese built k 8 fighter jet , were damaged ."
"the thailand based assistance association for political prisoners also said security officers had been threatening dissidents relatives and neighbors in an attempt to get information on the whereabouts of those involved in last month s anti government protests , which were brutally suppressed by the military ."
"it s the kind of transformation the big green energy spending in his stimulus plan is designed to support , but iowans might be forgiven for thinking there s another motive for today s visit"
"i was not able to play my best tennis but it was a good warmup , nadal told reporters ."
"after gathering more information from araujo s family , the ap decided to switch to the feminine pronoun when referring to the slain teenager from newark , california ."
"he will not resign under this cloud and that remains his position , bennett said wednesday ."
.
he said the practice of using discretionary municipal funds without providing detailed accounting had been approved by government auditors for more than 20 years .
"in short , everything is interconnected ."
"the elections will also be a key test for david cameron , the leader of the conservative party , which has seen a reversal of fortune since he took the helm in 2005 ."
"the rally rooted in complaints that the ethnic malay muslim dominated government discriminates against minorities was the largest protest in at least a decade involving ethnic indians , the country s second largest minority population after ethnic chinese ."
in recent days the army has redeployed thousands of troops in north western pakistan where pro taleban militants opposed to president musharraf have been carrying out a string of attacks said to be linked to the mosque siege .
red cross officials quickly took the three to their vehicles before leaving for an undisclosed location .
"chen , speaking from taiwan in a live video link broadcast to u . n . reporters , blasted china for beijing s continuous efforts to stymie the island s bid for official recognition ."
a group of kids on spring break thought setting up a lemonade stand near george clooney s movie set might be a good business move .
"iranian officials denied any payment delays under the 1 billion contract , and accused russia of caving in to western pressure ."
the celebrity couple bought a home in new orleans about a year after katrina struck and became involved in launching the project to help rebuild the city s hardest hit neighborhood .
"i didn t expect to be two seconds under my world record tonight , said the 21 year old from michigan ."
"schwarzenegger refused to use his gubernatorial powers to intervene in the case of stanley tookie williams , a former los angeles gang leader executed for murder earlier this month ."
"besides 70 red light districts , thousands of steam bath saunas , barber shops , night clubs , and love motels whose roofs are often shaped like disney land castles serve as fronts for prostitution ."
"the biggest opening of a bond film ever . slumdog , which opened friday in limited release and goes wide november 27 , may become a sleeper hit ."
"justine henin won her first title in her own country when she lifted the diamond games trophy in antwerp on sunday . the top seed was too good for italian challenger karin knapp , winning the final 6 3 6 3 in 90 minutes ."
"after setting the mood with lighting and finessing , the georgia aquarium s attempts to coax rare sea dragons to mate have finally worked just in time for father s day ."
there s a thanksgiving feast to football on tv
"the government and international communities have provided very little to the crisis , belliveau added ."
it helps prevent injury and muscle pain .
"the apology came after an incident where a 35 year old woman inmate , identified as kim , attempted to commit suicide after allegedly being sexually harassed by an officer at the seoul detention center last month ."
a foot higher than earlier thought
korea to double african aid by . . .
"scoffing at a police ban , the korea alliance against korus fta held its third anti trade demonstration of the season at marronier park in daehangno yesterday afternoon ."
"i said to her from the beginning , a big part of my goal was to help her make a record that she was proud of and represented who she is , and i think she felt that way at the end of the day ."
palestinian militants eluding an army crackdown killed two israeli children in a rocket attack from gaza on wednesday and israeli troops killed seven palestinians in raids in the coastal strip and the west bank .
"north korea will take steps to shut down its main nuclear reactor within a day of a freeze on its funds being lifted , a us delegation chief has said ."
"paris , france cnn a french judge said tuesday it was not within his jurisdiction to ban an internet video of motor racing chief max mosley with prostitutes but ordered the french recall of newspapers containing photos of the scene ."
south korea s presidential office dismissed reports of the missile launches as part of ordinary military training by the communist state .
none of those measures are still in effect .
"under the program , students from families earning less than 60 , 000 a year do not have to contribute to the cost of tuition ."
"for men , only those who were heavy drinkers had a smaller brain volume than those who consumed little or no alcohol ."
"in its monday edition , the nelson report said that boucher has the trust of u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice ."
"four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force but were acquitted of state charges on april 29 , 1992 ."
"b . b . bell , commander of the u . s . forces korea usfk , said the north s test launch of short range missiles in recent months were successful enough to pose a grave threat to the armed forces and south koreans , a view apparently not shared by the us state department nor the south korean government ."
"after the verdict was announced , fitzgerald described his reaction to the decision as gratified ."
"as a former fbi agent , he followed organized crime in the united states , but was not involved in intelligence matters , said paul bresson , an fbi spokesman ."
the attendants helped authorities make a sketch and later picked miller out of a lineup .
"we pried the toilet seat off with a pry bar and the seat went with her to the hospital , whipple said . the hospital removed it ."
"travolta , preston return to florida with son s ashes"
the price of both the hardware and software will fall if and when sales grow .
"this is truly a celestial surprise , lewis said . absolutely amazing ."
the team photographed 9 million stars in the large magellanic cloud nearly every night for the past two years .
"almeida , 29 , was the girlfriend of senna , a former subsistence farmer and butcher , before he became rich ."
vice foreign minister yu myung hwan called the japanese ambassador to the ministry to make an official protest against the japanese premier s visit to the shrine .
"beijing , china cnn food prices are set to rise around the globe after years of decline , with climate change making it harder for the world s poorest to get adequate food , according to a report released tuesday ."
"borough council president randy gartner said police officers aren t happy they have no authority to cite teens smoking around town , especially in the summer ."
he was among more than 80 climbers to reach the summit that day the largest number ever in a single day from the nepalese side of the peak .
arsenal announced on saturday they had reached an agreement with barcelona for the transfer of france striker and captain thierry henry .
"british rising star andy murray claimed his second successive masters series title on sunday , beating surprise package gilles simon in straight sets in madrid to follow up his shock semifinal win over former world no . 1 roger federer ."
"last october , beijing banned smoking in the city s 66 , 000 taxis , threatening drivers with a 200 yuan 29 fine if they are caught ."
"the four men had been hired by rodrigues for a total of 1 , 500 10 , 000 rands to commit the crime and posed as delivery men to gain access to the home of baby jordan s grandparents , prosecutors said ."
everyone has a theory to explain the plummeting ratings
"the united states imposed stiff sanctions against iran on thursday , targeting two iranian military groups and a number of iranian banks and people it accuses of backing nuclear proliferation and terror related activities ."
"but at the cbs late show , the network anchor said she believed the yankee star at the time he told her on 60 minutes that he had never used performance enhancing drugs"
"the chinese government views the movie , which is partly backed by state run china film group , as an important showcase of chinese history and wants it released before the beijing olympics . the olympics start on august 8 ."
"roma maybe did not play one or two or three games very well here in italy , but they have very good players and when you give them chances like tonight they re tough to stop ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"venus , jupiter and the crescent moon will all be crowded together lighting up a corner of the south west sky by the end of the holiday weekend ."
"russ knocke , a spokesman for the department of homeland security , equates searches of electronic devices to those of papers in briefcases ."
"xinhua said the victims had been enticed or sent by human traffickers to the kilns , where they were beaten , starved and forced to work long hours without payment ."
"they were very cumbersome , says dr . shapshay ."
"if you have any odor , you want to use an odor eliminator to remove that ."
"i got his attention with a letter , bush told reporters friday , referring to kim ."
"he said he supports president bush s plan to bolster troop numbers in iraq by more than 20 , 000 soldiers and marines ."
"it s a prospect karen mckeever , whose mother has alzheimer s disease , dreads ."
we are in the midst of a once in a century credit tsunami .
"a team of 50 climbers , staged since last month at the advanced base camp needs four to six days of good weather to reach the summit and return down the mountain , one official said ."
he is serving four consecutive life sentences plus 120 years for the convictions .
our ed donahue has more on a voluntary recall
"in his written judgment , potter said brown does not assert that any person or source , informed or otherwise , has ever told , or even suggested , to him that he is the illegitimate son of princess margaret ."
.
police spokesman marcele mendes said she will be held for at least 30 days .
"an annoyed look from american idol judge simon cowell as a contestant expressed sadness over the virginia tech shootings was drastically misintrepreted , cowell and the show said wednesday ."
"pakistani president pervez musharraf was expected to lift a six week old state of emergency and restore pakistan s constitution saturday , just a day after tweaking the charter to shore up his legal defenses ."
"an estimated 27 , 000 protesters waved flags and chanted give us land , give us water , as they marched in long , orderly lines to central new delhi where they plan to hold a massive protest monday ."
"police chased the men but failed to catch them , he said ."
"now , although she still has a car , purushe bikes to work every day ."
"globo tv showed footage of the dead snake , which weighed about 77 pounds 35 kilograms ."
"this time it was a ch 46 sea knight transport helicopter , which came down near baghdad ."
"but she gathered herself together enough to catch the diamond and pearl studded headpiece valued at 250 , 000 as it slipped off her head when miss universe 2006 zuleyka rivera of puerto rico crowned her ."
"lawmakers would then vote in july on whether to release this money on the basis of a report from bush on progress towards political , economic and security targets ."
volcker also headed the investigation into the united nations oil for food program for iraq .
"in seoul , after a month long investigation , prosecutors indicted kim for rigging shares and embezzling some us 35 million in corporate funds in 2001 ."
it helped push paris s cac 40 and frankfurt s dax slightly into the black .
many doctors and pharmacists seem unaware of this wrinkle in the approval process .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the deal between nasdaq and omx brings together the largest electronic stock market in the united states and the owner of the share markets in stockholm , helsinki , copenhagen , iceland and the baltic states ."
"washington vetoing a stem cell bill for the second time , president bush on wednesday sought to placate those who disagree with him by signing an executive order urging scientists toward what he termed ethically responsible research in the field ."
"she was jailed for the following 11 years until 1994 without ever going to trial , and has always denied she ever personally killed anyone ."
obama calls on illinois governor to resign
"officer jiang xiaojuan , 29 , the mother of a 6 month old boy , responded to the call of duty and the instincts of motherhood after the magnitude 7 . 9 quake struck on may 12 . i am breast feeding , so i can feed babies ."
"the relationship of our two countries would be raised to an entirely new level , putin said ."
"bacon , whose credits include mystic river , footloose and the recent political biopic frost nixon , has appeared in 64 movies or television programs since 1978 , according to the internet movie database ."
the opposition labor party has criticized howard s refusal to sign the emissions limiting kyoto agreement .
"if you were looking for someone to write a pithy satire dishing the dirt on the highs and lows of hollywood , then a list producer art linson would be a pretty good bet ."
"this past summer , 8 year old zhuang huimin ran 2 , 212 miles from her home on the southern island province of hainan to beijing in 55 days , her father trailing behind her on a motor scooter ."
"secretary of state hillary clinton is launching a 2 day trip to mexico , just as the us steps up its border security efforts ."
"otsuji , who served as a local legislator in the western city of osaka for four years until april , said her decision to become a politician was inspired by the pain and isolation of the five years it took her to accept that she was a lesbian ."
an explosion at a women s spa in central tokyo on tuesday killed three people and injured at least three others .
living in a cage in hong kong
"craig , idaho s senior senator , is married with three grown children and nine grandchildren . his seat is up for re election in 2008 ."
"beijing , china cnn among all the protests , pollution concerns and talk of boycotts surrounding the beijing olympics , a more basic problem has arisen for organizers the toilets ."
they will also be selling books .
musa qala saw intense battles between taliban fighters and british troops last summer and fall .
"park also said that the heads of the central banks of korea , china and japan will meet in seoul next month , primarily to discuss foreign exchange issues ."
soldiers are also setting up barbed wire fencing in certain parts of the area .
not long after businesses hopped aboard with tools geared for them .
"london , england cnn a lock of john lennon s hair is being put up for sale ."
"word of the foiled plot came to light sunday morning when yuval diskin , head of israel s domestic shin bet security service , gave details during a weekly meeting of the israeli cabinet ."
the official did not release the victims names or the extent of their injuries but said the department is in contact with them .
"tetrapods are animals with four limbs and include such descendants as amphibians , birds and mammals ."
a runoff is expected on may 6 .
"al qaeda islamic maghreb also claimed responsibility for saturday s suicide attack on an algerian coast guard barracks in the port of dellys , some 50 miles 80 km from algiers ."
"a purported taliban spokesman , qari yousef ahmadi , denied that its fighters use children as cover or fight from civilian homes ."
"dodd , who abandoned his bid last month , is the first democratic campaign drop out to endorse another candidate ."
north korea has confirmed it has received 25m following a funding row that had hindered progress on a nuclear disarmament deal .
a pentagon spokesman characterized the incident as perplexing and cause for real concern .
earlier this month he was moved from prison to a drug rehabilitation unit .
police officials said they suspected abu sayyaf linked militants might be behind the incidents .
"after months of speculation , the elusive gizmo referred to as it or ginger has been unveiled to the public ."
"obama aides say clinton waivered on leaving the senate , but was swayed by obama s assurances that she could pick a staff and have direct access to him ."
"it s also about the glass of wine that accompanies each course . of course , if you re like many people , you don t know if a riesling is the best match for fresh tilapia or if it s a faux pas that will send the chef into tears ."
the bush administration is threatening to cut off its food aid to north korea if the communist country sticks to a plan to force out u . n . food distribution agency monitors by the end of the year .
ferrer next plays fifth seed nikolay davydenko of russia or czech 10th seed tomas berdych .
the proposal is part of a package of license plates being debated in the senate and ready for a floor vote .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2785972
the international olympic committee has the honor of announcing the 22nd olympic winter games in 2014 are awarded to the city of sochi .
"a government proposal , strongly supported by labor unions , calls for employees to work 300 to 500 fewer hours a year"
the three other defendants were handed suspended six month prison sentences .
"mccain s friend , senator lindsey graham , says the republican presidential candidate provided leadership yesterday by telling house republicans to stop shouting at each other ."
"under brown s plans , buildings will be made more explosion resistant and public places more physically protected to minimize shrapnel in the event of a car bomb ."
those who doubt the apollo moon landings maintained the united states lacked the technology to send humans to the moon and was so desperate to appear to win the space race against the soviet union that it faked the moon mission on movie sets .
korea and the philippines have signed an employment agreement for filipinos to work in korea under a foreign work permit system that goes into effect in august .
"officials in israel said four people , three of them civilians , have died from palestinian rocket fire ."
"frederic schwartz , a member of the think team , which offered three plans , said all the plans including a world cultural center consisting of twin lattice work towers are defined by their cultural and public space and could be built with or without their accompanying office buildings ."
the government will appoint public lawyers for all people detained and accused of criminal offenses to help protect their human rights .
"the korea times reports to implement the plan , the ministry will set up two more specialized schools and 58 institutions specially designed for gifted students ."
"sao paulo , brazil cnn a roman catholic priest who floated off under hundreds of helium party balloons was missing monday off the southern coast of brazil ."
"south of baghdad , a bomb killed a u . s . soldier and wounded three others ."
and today we re witnessing the beginning of an exciting new era in its history .
"his comments , when reported , are generally seen as still able to move markets ."
it also said evaporation rates for some inland rivers would increase by 15 percent .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"late monday night , several hundred people massed again at the place de la bastille in paris , breaking windows in nearby shops and starting street fires ."
the earl and the countess are both thrilled and excited .
"vice unification minister rhee bong jo said in a press conference on saturday that the meeting , which was arranged at the north s request for fertilizer assistance , will take place in the north korean city of kaesong on may 16 17 ."
it is crunch time as campaigns offer everything from babysitting services to snow shovels to help supporters get to the caucuses .
all but one of the states that perform executions use the three drug mixture .
"when the economy hits the skids , most businesses do worse"
a disk of vancomycin is in the middle .
the korea times reports no sign of terrorism has been found so far .
officials estimate that 2 of the six million population are infected .
"the past six months have been very difficult for me , my family and others close to me , nowak said last week in her first public statement since her arrest ."
witnesses said two protesters were shot dead by somali soldiers who were guarding buildings that were attacked by demonstrators .
"objects on the pitch also helped sheffield united beat manchester city in last season s fa cup , when the ball bounced kindly off a stray balloon and into the path of luton shelton to score ."
"light , sweet crude for june delivery jumped to a new record of 122 . 73 a barrel before retreating to settle up 1 . 87 at 121 . 84 on the new york mercantile exchange ."
"authorities believe the young girl went with galindo willingly , and no coercion was involved , he said ."
he will be the first russian president to travel to iran since joseph stalin attended a summit of the allied powers in 1943 .
the check in lines are about ten people long .
"prince , 57 , became chief executive of citigroup in october 2003 ."
the death total there 31 including the gunman makes it the deadliest shooting in u . s . history .
the cost of the troop increase could be significantly higher than what the administration has been saying in the press .
this week the state department announced a new task force to study the iraqi refugee issue .
"stuffed animals are a no no , as are too many tiny pillows ."
he added the move was partly due to deterioration in the korea u . s . relationship .
"no doubt there ve always been stinkers from the start of time , says honore ervin , co author of the etiquette grrls"
even peace and unprecedented prosperity have not shaken the assumption that south east asia s fate will be decided by outsiders .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"a flight from shenzhen , china , to taipei , taiwan , landed about 9 00 a . m . monday 8 p . m . sunday et , while the first flight from taipei to shanghai , china , departed at 8 00 a . m . , taiwan s civil aeronautics administration reported ."
"diarra has already missed several games with a muscle problem , but his absence would further weaken a real squad who have 11 players injured , including several leading internationals ."
"it is this painstaking attention to detail that murray has built a career on , but he concedes that the material and process selection has been the most challenging task of the whole project ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
who was born during a time when women and black people couldn t vote fully understands the significance of obama s victory .
"they were very motivated they were very excited , journalist tomas etzler said from the everest base camp at 5 , 360 meters 17 , 600 ft ."
lee will also advocate a more pro business stance to revive the economy .
nighttime hanami is known as yozakura and paper lanterns are hung in ueno park for the occasion .
scientists map dna of prehistoric animal
"they act in a way more like americans than americans , he said during a meeting with koreans living in istanbul , turkey ."
"fernando torres scored the only goal of the european championship final in vienna sunday , sliding the ball past german keeper jens lehmann after 33 minutes as the spaniards took a grip on the match which they never let slip ."
the gorilla sector of the park lies in a strategically crucial area near the border of uganda and rwanda .
possessing the weapon would be useless for iran whose leader has called for israel to be wiped off the map as using it would mean an instant counterattack .
a demographic that is key to winning several swing states .
authorities said the advanced technology the suspects allegedly used to both share the images among themselves and sell the material to others made them especially hard to track down .
"prime minister abdullah badawi said on friday that he expected trouble , despite the police ban ."
"los angeles , california paris hilton says she will no longer act dumb ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"yet , in a relatively short period of time , humans and their technological arsenal have driven most shark populations to the verge of extinction ."
"park , one of the party s leading presidential hopefuls , said , this is the reality of korean politics ."
"she has denied these photos , and they have continued to surface , and then she s going on and campaigning for these different organizations that aren t affiliated with the miss california organization , so there s just so many different things going on ."
"in a statement , the french national railway company , sncf , said the attempts to destroy the lines were aimed at preventing services from resuming ."
the central bank yesterday kept its key interest rate at a record low after a government survey showed consumer confidence is the lowest in almost four years .
"senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee chairman joe lieberman , i connecticut , who steered the legislation through the senate with sen . susan collins , r maine , said it would make our nation stronger , our cities and towns more secure and our families safer ."
dubai cnn a court in dubai sentenced two men wednesday to 15 years in prison for the rape and kidnapping of a 15 year old french boy .
"as for those without computers and broadband access at home , this isn t necessarily gonna be the best news for them , hunke said ."
"thirty six of the new cases of sars came from hong kong s amoy gardens apartment complex , where a victim recently spread the disease and it took hold , according to a health department statement ."
"we ve seen this in previous counterinsurgency operations , using local nationals , arming them and forming them into scouts , he told cnn ."
"commenting on the recent japanese moves to lay claim to the tokto islets and authorize a textbook glorifying atrocities committed by japan during world war ii , roh also criticized japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi for his repeated visits to a shrine that commemorates japan s 2 . 5 million war dead , including class a criminals from world war ii ."
"although some at the concert appear not to have heard bjork s protest on sunday , there was an uneasy response from other fans ."
"two weeks ago , about 12 to 15 soldiers , all officers , came here . they told the people it would be better for them to go away now when they could be helped with their move . . . than when the gas and electricity is cut off , said refugee anya kosenko , 24 ."
they re opting instead to demolish parts of the mosque s perimeter to allow people barricaded inside to escape .
"even with a burgeoning wine scene , lake county is still first and foremost a haven of water recreation and summertime fun . if you re looking for the opposite of tony napa , it doesn t get much more un napa than this ."
"the flight was bound for houston , texas , and was taking off about 6 18 p . m . saturday when it skidded into a ravine and caught fire ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
authorities say he preaches holy war and admires osama bin laden .
"the june contract for light , sweet crude traded as high as 129 . 46 on the new york mercantile exchange before settling back to 129 . 10 up 2 . 05 ."
it is one in a series of inquiries into the alleged abuse or killing of iraqis by coalition forces .
"we ve been through the depression , when the economy seemed moribund , and since then through a world war , when the economy was completely geared to war production ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"the vellum manuscript , which dates back to 1297 , was issued by king edward i and is credited with memorializing the rights of man into english law ."
iraq s parliament has approved last minute changes to the draft constitution aimed at overcoming sunni arab objections .
"in two clinical trials , the drug tasimelteon helped volunteers whose sleep pattern had been delayed by five hours to fall asleep quicker and to sleep for longer ."
reporters without borders said yahoo s hong kong arm helped china link shi tao s e mail account and computer to a message containing the information .
the auto bailout plan is being readied by congressional staffers this weekend .
"contestants from all 50 states and the district of columbia were competing to succeed miss usa tara conner , who entered rehab after accounts surfaced suggesting she was drinking at new york clubs ."
"a winglet tips up and back from the end of a wing , improving aerodynamic efficiency ."
"fans have speculated that mutt is the love child of indy and marion , though the filmmakers won t say ."
the final is on september 30th in shanghai .
he continued you should treat them humanely . do not beat them and overburden them . you should also feed them properly if they have to serve you for a long time .
"in the second case , two males were detained for setting fire to a motorcycle shop on march 15 , which resulted in five deaths including an 8 month old boy and his parents , according to xinhua ."
"on its web site , izzedine al qassam brigades said it fired 30 qassam rockets and 61 mortar shells early tuesday in response to recent israeli operations in gaza and the west bank ."
"i think that it s probably a victory for the people , said stringer , who said she was proud of corporate executives who understand that we can do better ."
the cross of more declines have sparked a market pullback .
the paper said that he may have died from exhaustion brought on by too many hours on the internet .
"given its rapidly growing thirst for oil , combined with its feeling of isolation from world oil markets , china is sometimes viewed as more cavalier than western oil firms when it comes to putting capital and people at risk ."
"i think he is a transformational figure , he is a new generation coming onto the world stage , onto the american stage , and for that reason i ll be voting for sen . barack obama , powell said on nbc s meet the press ."
polls suggest obama is approaching the electoral votes he needs to win the white house .
they allege the men parked two cars packed with explosives in central london then drove six hours north to scotland .
would be good for the nation .
"he wrote a story about a 19th century train robbery , called the great train robbery , and then directed the 1979 film version ."
"the dow currently down 250 points , nasdaq off 23 ."
"if one other planetary system is found , the argument goes , then the universe surely must contain many others ."
"his plan means billions in breaks by nixing income taxes for the 7 million senior citizens making less than 50 , 000 a year , establishing a universal credit for the 10 million homeowners who do not itemize their deductions most of whom make less than 50 , 000 annually and providing 150 million americans with tax cuts of up to 1 , 000 ."
the center was set up as part of efforts to develop seoul into a global city favorable to foreign visitors and residents after the city government announced plans for the globalization of seoul last july .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
putin made the comments in an interview published in italian newspaper corriere della sera ahead of the g8 meeting which starts in germany on wednesday .
chung s attorneys argued before the three judge panel that he should receive a suspended sentence meaning no prison time citing health problems and the potential impact on south korea s economy if he were to again be sidelined from management .
korea to double african aid by . . .
work is a pleasure in tomorrow s office
wolfowitz said the bank board accepted his contention that he acted ethically and in good faith .
"and just 76 mammals have become extinct in the last 500 years , the iucn said ."
harry potter and the order of the phoenix sees the hogwarts students in a more mature mood . director david yates told cnn that friendship was at the heart of the film .
"authorities also took one shotgun , three semiautomatic pistols and 60 , 000 ."
"moments after his challenger conceded , prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero thanked a crowd of cheering supporters for sunday s win by his socialists in spain s parliamentary elections ."
"federal investigators are studying a continental jet to find out why it left the denver runway , landing in a ravine and bursting into flames ."
u . s . director of national intelligence michael mcconnell said during an appearance tuesday at harvard university that the mumbai attacks were carried out by the same group responsible for the parliament attack and a series of bomb explosions aboard trains and at railway stations in mumbai in 2006 though he didn t specifically name let .
the polls are still positive that a democratic edge among nearly 30 million early voters has been strong .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"cnn east timor president and nobel laureate jose ramos horta was shot twice , while prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unhurt monday in coordinated attacks blamed on rebel troops , officials said ."
but not every protection minded russian wants to employ a beefy guy in a wide shouldered suit .
"the award , known as the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences , is the last of the six nobel prizes announced this year and is not one of the original nobels ."
"the prices of homes sold in the first quarter of 2008 posted a record decline , according to a new report from the office of federal housing enterprise oversight ."
"shevell is also a vice president of new england motor freight inc . , a new jersey firm run by her father , mike shevell ."
"after getting her blood tested , she signed a release to become an organ donor and began an interview process to move forward ."
"i relished feasting on fermented fishheads , liked dressing in furs , and had even become an expert at purchasing fresh ice at the supermarket ."
any south korean making an unauthorized journey to a banned country can be jailed for up to one year or fined 3 million won .
"we would take a giant step backward , said lynch , adding he needs the troops to fight both shiite and sunni militants and to confront significant iranian influence in the region ."
even a babbling brook .
"pick a seat near the front , since ventilation systems on most commercial aircraft provide better air flow in the front of the aircraft , gendreau advised ."
kumgang by describing it a source of revenue for the pyongyang regime .
"uh look , we want it all ."
"nbc released a statement thursday defending its decision , saying it took careful consideration in determining how the information should be distributed ."
"spending on it and communications resume , driving a worldwide growth rate of 5 . 8 percent for the industry , said john gantz , idc s chief research officer ."
the higher education commission will meet friday in ankara to discuss the proposed changes .
"to find an alien , players point their phones at , say , a 7 eleven outlet ."
the party and party controlled organizations will also lose control of their businesses .
the genocide tribunal formally placed them in provisional detention for up to a year .
"minister of foreign affairs and trade yu myung hwan said these issues were old ones that have long been discussed but unresolved , dismissing claims that washington is pressing seoul hard to get what it wants in the name of a greater bilateral partnership ."
"kabul , afghanistan ap a wave of fighting in afghanistan s south and west killed 16 police and dozens of suspected militants , afghan officials said thursday ."
"armstrong was diagnosed in 1996 with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain , lungs and abdomen ."
"this is something that even if the cat licks itself , it won t hurt it ."
the mission of the phoenix is to analyze the soils and permafrost of mars arctic tundra for signs of life past or present .
"former enron bosses ken lay and jeffrey skilling have both been found guilty on fraud , conspiracy and other charges ."
"however , later in the evening they discovered she was missing ."
"breast cancer patients with low levels of vitamin d were much more likely to die of the disease or have it spread than patients getting enough of the nutrient , a study found adding to evidence the sunshine vitamin has anti cancer benefits ."
"and instead of blockbuster news from apple vice president philip schiller , attendees got changes in itunes pricing , a series of software upgrades and a 2 , 800 17 inch notebook ."
"the won has gained around 10 percent against the greenback so far this year , compared with an 8 percent gain in the singapore dollar and a 2 . 3 percent increase in the japanese yen ."
even though now proven a hoax
we got that first goal and got our rewards in the second .
"iran needs to suspend its enrichment activities as a confidence building measure but the international community should do its utmost to engage iran in comprehensive dialogue , elbaradei told a conference on nuclear non proliferation ."
"former british prime minister tony blair , meanwhile , stressed the crucial role of economics in ending conflict , underscoring his role as middle east peace envoy and the davos meeting s efforts to shake its image as a corporate schmooze fest ."
"in addition to the five ships that sank , many others were grounded , russia today reported ."
william and kate s split showed the other side of the coin .
"if we don t get food people will die in this place , francis aruo , 28 , told the associated press in eastern uganda , one of the hardest hit regions of africa . all our crops are rotten ."
"in a brief interview with the new york times after wednesday s panel , mary cheney said she agreed that blitzer had crossed a line ."
zahir shah ruled afghanistan from 1933 until he was deposed by his cousin in 1973 .
record levels of harmful metals were contained in the yellow dust storms that blew in from china across the nation last month .
"it was unclear , however , whether the report referred to a plutonium or uranium based weapon ."
"he makes lots of mistakes , lucas said ."
amtrak plans to roll out the new mobile security teams on the northeast corridor between washington and boston .
"letters secretly carried by children through the sewers of warsaw , poland , during the 1944 uprising ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
investigators were inside the building for nine hours .
the new package includes the original 35 billion euros 48 . 4 billion plan with the government paying up to 27 billion euros 37 billion of that sum and banks funding the remainder as a line of credit .
sharks are the top predator in the ocean and are vital to its ecosystem .
kerviel has been charged with abuse of confidence and illegal use of computers for his role in the losses but has not been charged with fraud .
obama congratulated clinton on her victories but downplayed his losses .
"in his prepared testimony , which was released sunday in advance of his appearance , gonzales said he has nothing to hide and never sought to mislead or deceive the congress or the american people about my role in this matter ."
ehud olmert told parliament legitimate questions could be asked about the israeli annexing of outlying palestinian neighborhoods in east jerusalem following the 1967 war .
shares worth 1 trillion won as a social contribution to atone for the automaker s part in a series of scandals .
"we hope the police learn a lesson and respect the rights of women to go topless , rothman said ."
"the one sold tuesday was bought in a 1971 new york auction for 320 , 000 . it has not been publicly exhibited since ."
"the four activists were atop the airbus a320 for about an hour and a half before airport security plucked them off in a cherry picker crane and police arrested them , authorities said ."
"common sense may say no , but decades of research suggests otherwise ."
he told the associated press he could not function as mediator without the complete confidence of both parties .
the korea times quoted roh as saying the government will maintain the mt .
the strike followed a decision to step up attacks against islamic militants in response to rocket fire from gaza .
"about 140 , 000 south korean soldiers and 3 , 200 from the 15 nations that joined the united states under the u . n . flag also died ."
getting agreement on any lyrics to the national anthem is no easy task and would ultimately have to be approved by parliament .
"if confirmed by the senate , bolden would become the second astronaut and first african american to lead nasa ."
"police used water cannon to disperse the militants who left a trail of destruction in the harbor city , just days before chancellor angela merkel hosts the group of eight g8 leaders in the nearby resort of heiligendamm for their annual meeting ."
the revised calculations come from an unprecedented examination of years of data that scour the ground for nuclear explosions .
draft likely to be reduced
"senate majority leader harry reid says , he doesn t think there are enough votes to pass a bailout package ."
casualties included members of another awakening council .
the organization is sprawling .
"the french heart is also the most lifelike , with two pumps to send the blood into the lungs and the rest of the body , just like a real heart ."
"falling asleep in class ? parents flick the light switch , flap the sheets and prod their groggy teenagers to get to school on time ."
the increased competition has chipped away at disney s lucrative theme park franchise .
the afghan and u . s . presidents ruled out making any concessions to the taliban militants during their meetings .
skeptics have questioned whether the car meets safety and emissions standards .
they can also encourage youngsters to read and write more and that s saying a lot .
treasury secretary henry paulson told president roh moo hyun in seoul on wednesday that he is carefully optimistic that the two countries could successfully wrap up negotiations for a free trade agreement fta .
"the dark knight is nominated in several categories , favorite movie , favorite action movie , favorite cast , and as paula marshall reads , this category too"
draft likely to be reduced
"barack obama , a few minutes ago , the democratic presidential nominee , on a video feed from clearwater , florida , to the clinton global initiative in new york ."
investing in people is a popular political goal in rich and poor countries alike .
"in patients with parkinson s disease , dopamine producing nerve cells in this region degenerate , causing tremors , stiffness , slowed movement , and loss of coordination ."
the united states also has been working on plans for a post castro cuba .
president roh considers to cancel summit with koizumi .
that word coming from an israeli medical crew .
massey said about 3 million has been raised through the concerts so far .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
they really did not want to let fans down this way as the uk was a planned highlight of the tour .
"and lanny davis , a former white house special counsel supporting clinton , told cnn s late edition with wolf blitzer that obama very ironically wants to change the rules of the game in the middle of the game ."
and this is the first time everyone knows what i m talking about .
but the us says the accounts are now unfrozen and it does not know why the north has left the funds untouched .
no tsunami warning was issued .
"the jet had just performed landing training on a navy aircraft carrier before the pilot reported having trouble , according to the marine corps ."
"the santa cruz boardwalk itself was born in 1907 , and it has survived even as similar attractions like toledo beach on lake erie in lasalle township , michigan , and the original myrtle beach pavilion in south carolina have gone under ."
"japan will be the next member of the six party negotiators to hold working group talks with north korea , doing so on wednesday , hill said ."
"but it also said iraqi security forces were still not capable of operating without support from american forces , and divisions between sunnis and shias continued to drive political instability ."
"in addition to abdulla , police also arrested dr . mohammed asha , a jordanian educated physician who moved to england two years ago , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation ."
"after a battery of tests , doctors determined that the incident was caused by the tumor ."
"a survey of the albatross on gough island in january showed 1 , 764 adults incubating eggs , the rspb said ."
"playboy magazine issued an apology monday for the cover of its mexican edition , which features an argentine model in what many observers say is meant to be a depiction of the virgin mary ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the august increases came from higher demand in china , where sales rose 24 percent from january , while in the united states , sales increased 7 . 1 percent ."
secretary of state condoleezza rice said monday .
"maybe i m just dumb , he said , but having to spend six and a half years in prison doesn t sound too relieving to me ."
"they said the animals also were able to direct the arm around obstacles to ensure safe delivery of the food , which included small items such as grapes and marshmallows ."
"north korea now has announced plans to resume work on its 50 megawatt mw graphite moderated reactor at yongbyon , and a 200 mw graphite reactor at taechon ."
"we re slowly moving back into a normal mode of operations , station commander fyodor yurchikhin radioed mission control in moscow ."
legal advice for problems such as disputes over lease contracts will also be provided .
cheney reportedly gave beijing information from a pakistani nuclear scientist suggesting north korea has at least three nuclear devices .
human food is out of reach
brazilians like foreigners to at least try to dance .
two islamist websites yesterday announced that lebanese born corporal wassef ali hassoun had been beheaded .
and a spokesman for un secretary general kofi annan said a test would only provoke universal condemnation and do nothing towards strengthening north korea s security .
"bush expressed optimism about a possible deal with democrats on the war funding bill , but neither side seemed closer to compromise ."
"thousands of vietnamese lined the president s route from tan son nhut airport to his hotel , many waving and cheering in stark contrast to clinton s earlier visit to the site where air force capt ."
"england manager steve mcclaren suffered a fresh blow before saturday s euro 2008 qualifying match against israel , when manchester united midfielder owen hargreaves aggravated a hamstring injury ."
two of the civilians were critically wounded the rest were not seriously hurt .
"retailers are hoping a lot of people are going online today to shop it s cyber monday , the web version of black friday ."
"the french couple then traveled to windsor , outside london , where they were greeted by queen elizabeth and the duke of edinburgh before being taken to the castle in a state carriage procession ."
"british prime minister gordon brown said the whole of britain will be proud of the outstanding service he is giving . for the last 10 weeks , he has joined the thousands of members of the british armed forces who have served with such distinction in difficult circumstances in afghanistan since 2001 ."
"venezuela rejects the charges , saying it is the victim of traffickers ."
"what i think is funny is every single news person here apologized to me , said 50 year old retired attorney martha karsh , out for a stroll with her college age daughter , katie , told the ap . it s not real news ."
he also hopes to build a similar skyscraper in new york .
north korea rejected that provision .
"manchester united were unbeaten in their two group f matches against roma this season , winning 1 0 at old trafford and drawing 1 1 in rome ."
"hawass said the style of the pyramid and of a gray granite sarcophagus lid found in the burial chamber indicates the pyramid was from the fifth dynasty , a period that began in 2465 b . c . and ended in 2325 b . c ."
he discusses his faith while the soundtrack to his mission
china and taiwan are believed to actively spy on each other .
"boston , massachusetts reuters when dr . julio bonis awoke one sunday morning with a sore shoulder , he could not figure out what he had done ."
the arcade machine is not distributed overseas .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"cnn less than a month before key elections in pakistan , embattled president pervez musharraf on monday began an eight day visit to europe to shore up international support for his country , wracked by political turmoil and a strengthening islamic insurgency ."
"i m mad less about losing the job i m mad more about the reasons , said 35 year old glen hiller , of berkeley springs , west virginia ."
"cheong wa dae will file a constitutional petition thursday at the earliest against the national election commission nec which ruled that president roh moo hyun violated the election law , a top presidential aide said wednesday ."
"there is no christmas tree in the square , no decorations , few pilgrims ."
"myspace did not say whether it would comply with the request , but did say it was removing known offenders from the site ."
the clinton campaign has highlighted those comments because of what they say is a contradiction between obama s rhetoric and action on iraq .
"that the chalice is in london at all , however , is quite a feat ."
"taiwan separated from china after the communist victory in the chinese civil war in 1949 , with the defeated nationalists setting up a government there ."
economists are seeing a change in the way the economy responds to the won s appreciation .
"the hong kong based carrier which would not identify the pilot said it was still investigating the january 30 fly by at paine field , 30 miles north of downtown seattle and home to a boeing plant ."
the oscar winner appeared to have lost weight when he was photographed at a practice for the indianapolis 500 auto race last month .
"the yen jumped to five month highs , as currency carry trades were unwound , while emerging market bonds , stocks and currencies were dumped in favor of safe haven government bonds amid worries about spreading u . s . subprime mortgage problems ."
the polls close at 8 p . m . et .
the rebel group has fought for an independent tamil homeland in northern sri lanka for more than two decades .
"the military commanders told the post that sectarian killings in baghdad fell to fewer than 400 in march from 1 , 200 in january , with markets reopening and a few thousand families returning to areas they had fled ."
then all participants spoke for a few minutes about a recent event that made them angry or stressed .
"parole is not a prize winners get warm blankets , chocolates , and tea but the prison chief considers the pageant an important step toward rehabilitation ."
"the move comes exactly a year after north korea carried out its first nuclear test , on october 9th 2006 ."
"british forces withdrew from musa qala in october after the truce , which turned over security to local leaders and prevented nato forces from entering the town ."
domenech had not selected trezeguet since the 1 0 home loss to scotland in 2008 european championship qualifying .
president roh said n . k . should follow china and vietnam as a model of becoming a market economy .
"i m here to say very strongly that whatever the challenges facing colombia , they are not going to be easier if this free trade deal does not pass , rice said thursday in the andean nation s second largest city , medellin . in fact , they will be harder ."
"the coalition press center said the military operation was targeting taliban militants suspected of hiding out in an area in qarabagh district , in eastern afghanistan s ghazni province ."
"the people got their money s worth , that s for sure ."
"an additional three quarters of an inch of ice was possible by late monday in some areas of oklahoma , the national weather service said ."
the gunman in that incident is still being sought by police .
the duma approved putin by a vote of 392 to 56 .
police say the boy was kept chained to a fireplace .
"the flight had taken off from urumqi , the capital of the xinjiang uygur autonomous region ."
despite claims that there will be a runoff to determine the impoverished african nation s next leader including a report in zimbabwe s state run newspaper the mdc says morgan tsvangirai won the election flat out .
"the judge was alerted after it was observed the jurors were writing vertically , rather than horizontally ."
there is word this morning that japanese automaker toyota sold more vehicles around the world last year than general motors .
"conservationists believe there are only about 1 , 500 gharials left in the wild , many of them in a sanctuary based along the chambal , one of the few unpolluted indian rivers ."
"the dinosaurs were aged 8 , 10 and 18 , indicating they reached sexual maturity earlier than previously thought ."
"second seeded kuznetsova , trying to return to the final for a second straight year , lost to radwanska in the australian open third round but made sure there would be no repeat this time ."
"the couple s house was destroyed in the quake , which killed at least 540 people ."
and would it reduce smoking in america ?
president hu will visit the offices of microsoft and boeing during a two day trip to washington state .
add another 1 . 8 degrees and as many as 2 billion people could be without water and about 20 percent to 30 percent of the world s species near extinction .
justice minister chris ellison said canberra preferred to communicate directly with the u . s . government in its efforts to have hicks brought to justice quickly rather than write to congress .
one of them blatant cheating when he punched the ball into the net and the other an amazing dribble through the england defense five minutes later
"qari yousuf ahmadi said that the remaining 21 hostages are still alive for the time being , denying an earlier report that the militant group would kill four more captives as kabul refused to accept its demand to free jailed guerrilla fighters ."
"the islamic militant group hamas urged palestinians to ratchet up attacks against israel on sunday , after nine palestinians were killed in a surge of fighting over the weekend ."
this is the first time a foreign investment fund has been indicted in south korea for stock price manipulation .
hong kong chief executive tung chen hwa issued a statement saying he was concerned so many people had protested .
islam said libya had been negotiating with france for a long time we have asked sarkozy to speed things up .
"gusmao , who won four medals at the pan ams , was ranked 11th in the world in the 50 meter freestyle ."
those looking to get a bit more personal can trash the photo of the acts .
the wing bowl is held every year on the friday before super bowl .
"as a royal air force officer during world war ii , clarke took part in the early development of radar ."
"obviously , it s not an album where i m trying to sound like him ."
"i wanted right off the bat to let the family know what had happened , especially kevin , because i worked with him in a platoon and i knew that he and the family all needed to know what had happened , o neal testified ."
"anne darwin , 55 , was arrested by officers when she arrived at manchester airport in northwestern england at 0925 gmt sunday on a flight from atlanta , georgia , a spokesman for manchester police said ."
it also controls the ability of t cells to recognize invaders in the body and helps prevent t cells from attacking healthy body tissues .
new york a former fashion writer who sexually tortured a co worker after dressing as a firefighter and bluffing his way into her apartment was sentenced monday to 18 years to life in prison .
"the star continued , i ve got a couple of ideas about what might happen but i haven t had any of them confirmed or denied ."
china is canceling its punitive tariffs on three japanese products .
"the fleet s three whale hunter vessels can t operate without the factory ship nisshin maru there to process the kill , she added ."
"meanwhile , israeli ground troops and tanks were deployed around gaza ."
"now ross , who the uk s press association reports has a 6 million 9 million contract with the broadcaster , has been suspended from all broadcasting for 12 weeks after the bbc trust , the sovereign body of the organization , met to discuss the calls ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"according to syco music , il divo s uk based label , the quartet has sold more than 22 million albums worldwide ."
the public s reaction to polaroid s announcement reflects that .
"the top u . s . diplomat on the north korean nuclear crisis , assistant secretary of state christopher hill , said yesterday the fate of six party talks was in doubt after a day of discussions in china , host of three rounds of inconclusive negotiations ."
the party said the agreement will weaken national security and the nation s alliance with washington amid what it claimed was a heightening threat from north korea .
"the past five years have seen growth in yoga vacations that is emblematic of a larger trend in the travel industry , says allen kay , spokesman for the travel industry association ."
president elect obama says he knows turning the economy around will not be easy .
"fuse 1512 commerce st . , suite 100 , a hip eatery that opened in 2006 , serves up dishes like brisket pot stickers in a style they refer to as texasian ."
"the shaking was so violent , i freaked out . all i could do was to duck underneath the desk , said yukiko taka , 58 , the owner of a traditional lacquerware shop in wajima , the hardest hit town in ishikawa prefecture state . it was so frightening ."
"to be honest with you , right now if the uaw members went in these facilities and worked for nothing . . . it would not help the companies that much , he said ."
"hermes investment expressed regret for the korean prosecution s indictment through a statement , reaffirming that it is innocent ."
draft likely to be reduced
"senate majority leader harry reid , d nevada , said monday , our enemies around the globe gain great advantage by having the united states mired in an iraqi civil war ."
cannistraro is former head of the cia s counterterrorism division and was head of intelligence for the national security council in the late 1980s .
the u . s . government should increase coordination with its south korean ally .
"it feels at least like 15 degrees , which is 15 degrees warmer than it was yesterday ."
the hormones for medical reasons that he did not specify .
"sea levels are currently rising about 0 . 04 to 0 . 08 inches each year , making it unlikely such a scenario would suddenly occur across the globe , usery said ."
"the textbook forum , a group of new rightist scholars , disclosed its final version of the new textbook yesterday ."
"bond is eventually captured , imprisoned and tortured in communist north korea ."
"coastal people have been eating whale for 400 years and we have a right to decide what we eat , declared yoshinori shoji , head of the gaibo hogei whaling company , based in wada , a two hour drive east of tokyo ."
"i will challenge the court , and i will make them understand that they are violating my client s human rights ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"nearly 18 , 000 people are still missing from the ethnic wars fought in the former yugoslavia in the 1990s , the international committee of the red cross said thursday ."
"brazilian sports minister orlando silva , national team coach dunga , veteran striker romario and renowned author paulo coelho were among those making the trip to zurich and the final decision was made by fifa s executive committee after a 30 minute presentation ."
"on the return , she listed her occupation as executive ."
"pearson said those were not his pants , and decided to take the chungs to the cleaners and sue ."
we don t know when we will get that money .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
gandalf in the lord of the rings trilogy
"our transaction was done just the way jay would have liked it to be done no consultants or studies , buffett said in the statement . i am pleased that over the next five to six years , we will be partnering and working . . . in continuing to build marmon ."
"americans once believed in such values as diligence , prosperity , and progress ."
the booming city of dubai in the united arab emirates has also joined the skyscraper race .
"seoul international high school , which is located in myeongnyun dong , jongno district , will conduct most classes in english , and every student will reside in dormitory halls , according to officials at the seoul metropolitan office of education ."
"according to a recent cnn opinion research corporation poll , 57 percent of americans say bush s presidency has been a failure , while 55 percent aren t happy with the democratic led house either ."
"the judges more than doubled the punishment for the victim because of her attempt to aggravate and influence the judiciary through the media , according to a source quoted by arab news , an english language middle eastern daily newspaper ."
"boston and tampa bay were playing for the first time since a bench clearing brawl between the teams at fenway park on june 5 . the herald said the threat was not believed to be related to any bad blood between the red sox and rays , who are battling for first place in the al east ."
"the other guild nominees were bill condon for the musical dreamgirls , jonathan dayton and valerie faris for the road trip tale little miss sunshine , stephen frears for the palace saga the queen and alejandro gonzalez inarritu for the ensemble drama babel ."
the anti whaling group accused the crew of the japanese vessel of kidnapping the men .
therefore the current situation can be seen as a war of nerves between north korea and the united states as they try to seize a more advantageous upper hand .
minneapolis officials have called for a minute s silence on tuesday evening to mark the moment the bridge fell .
other characters she develops in her head for years before releasing them on the literary scene .
living in a cage in hong kong
"i think it s appropriate for us to convey australia s concern to our counterparts and that s what we ve done , ellison told the abc ."
"thursday s briefings to intelligence , foreign relations and armed services committees in both chambers of congress are intended to show that the building hit was a north korean designed reactor being built with assistance from pyongyang , the source said ."
georgia is a former soviet republic on the black sea .
how great a singer was levi stubbs ?
"it remains unclear whether chirac , who turned over power to nicolas sarkozy in may , will ever be tried in this or other legal cases implicating him ."
"once a flat cityscape in the shadow of the formidable forbidden city , beijing has been struck by skyscraper fever ."
his letter recalled people he met in his travels around the state during his run for the u . s . senate four years ago .
"a 1943 letter from a young man , who spent time in auschwitz , to his parents ."
a judge has emphatically rejected a bid by a man who claims to be the illegitimate child of the late princess margaret to see her will .
"hamid al bayati , london representative of the iran based supreme council for the islamic revolution in iraq , a conservative shiite group long opposed to saddam , believes that despite its past , iraq will eventually fall in line with what he sees as a global trend ."
"for the near term , traders said , uncertainty is likely to weigh on japan s financial markets , compounding ongoing concerns over the u . s . credit crisis ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the alaska governor appeared on cnn s larry king live on wednesday to discuss the historic campaign , how she thought she affected the republican ticket , the concession speech she never got to make , her family s coverage in the media and her plans now that the election is over ."
"the lg economic research institute , a think tank affiliated with korea s no ."
the country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world s premier tourist destinations .
"an indian firm has launched a paan flavored condom designed to evoke the pungent taste of the betel nut and tobacco concoction chewed and then spat out by millions of south asians , newspapers have reported ."
china s state media have hit out at a report by the us department of defense on beijing s military build up .
"mccain , with dwindling competition from the only other major republican candidate , former arkansas gov . mike huckabee , took the day off ."
i ll take mine broiled with butter .
"spain has arrested more than 300 suspected islamic extremists since the madrid train bombings of 2004 that killed 191 people , although not all of the suspects remain in jail ."
"among the wounded , he said , was a brazilian citizen of pakistani descent ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"again , the dow is up nearly 300 points ."
one possibility is that the soil mixed with acid vapors in the presence of water .
were the work of a small group of renegade scientists without government authorization .
"however , to annex the territory and its people would , israeli leaders say , undermine the jewish nature of israel , which has a population now of 7 million ."
the baby is due in the spring and will be the vice president s sixth grandchild . watch mary cheney address critics of the pregnancy
"here , from northrup and other women s health specialists , are five mistakes women make at the doctor s office ."
two in five foreign residents in korea say that they experienced inconveniences or otherwise suffered losses while shopping or using services .
the meiji jingu shrine tells of the city s shinto heritage and there s something timeless about the charming chaos of tsukiji fish market .
chavez rejects allegations that he poses a threat to democracy .
foremost among them the very likely possibility that the maldives will sink under water if the current pace of climate change keeps raising sea levels .
"there are also interneters anonymous , and the 300 member internet addiction support group , founded by a new york psychiatrist ."
the mission was extended to give them time to repair a thermal blanket on the shuttle that peeled back during lift off .
"and the casinos , given the propensity for the chinese to gamble , will probably be a success ."
"twenty two years in human resources , and it still affects me , natalie said ."
media conglomerate viacom slashing about 850 jobs and freezing raises for some top level executives .
"no work was getting done yesterday , said jason dinant , who works for a nightclub ."
we will show purpose without arrogance .
we ll enjoy the night but the season is very long . . . today we had a bit of luck .
"rights have been suspended , media has been restricted and hundreds of people arrested under the emergency decree ."
they discussed security and energy projects .
"usually it starts slowly as kind of a hazy greenish color building up in frequency dancing across the sky . . . and to me that s religion , said photographer dave brosha of yellowknife , northwest territories , who s seen more than 100 canadian auroras . it s just one of the most incredible feelings a person can have"
"swayze , 55 , has been undergoing treatment for pancreatic cancer , his representative annett wolf said wednesday ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"i really , firmly believe the iraqi government , under the leadership of prime minister nuri al maliki , let our troops down ."
"the bad news , jon , covers joblessness and consumer spending ."
"japan dispatched its whaling fleet to the icy waters of antarctica in november to kill about 1 , 000 whales under a program that tokyo says is for scientific purposes , but which anti whaling nations and activists say is a front for commercial whaling ."
popped up in more news articles and blogs than her peers .
insurgents took witnesses to the bodies in ramadi .
i am lucky to be part of the history of a club like manchester united .
more tourism will raise public awareness about antarctica s unique ecosystem but there are also fears about higher traffic to the region .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"it has since drawn 200 , 000 visits ."
"bob barker returned to the price is right , and this time he was the showcase ."
"the need for such mechanical help is expected to grow in japan , which has one of the most rapidly aging societies in the world ."
president bush on sunday issued a disaster declaration sunday in five southwestern wisconsin counties after a federal emergency management agency assessment a day earlier .
another bigger than expected jump in new jobless claims last week .
"in his books , irving has argued that the scale of the extermination of the jews by the nazis in world war ii has been exaggerated ."
"suharto , 86 , was hospitalized january 4 with severe kidney , lung and heart trouble ."
"the quote was preceded by the writer s observation remarkably , will believes everyone is basically good ."
ronaldo crowned fifa world player of year
"maj . gen . rick lynch , commander of the u . s . offensive southeast of baghdad , in the salman pak region , said the sweep had reduced attacks on civilians in that area by 20 percent and civilian deaths by 55 percent , compared to before it was launched in mid june ."
it alleged the gemstone s owner then tried to go around the broker to sell the emerald to the same buyer for 75 million .
computer security expert mark shavlick says he s got anti virus software running
"the korea times reports seoul and beijing agreed on monday to hold the next round of six party talks on north korea s nuclear problem as early as possible , confirming pyongyang s will to resolve the issue through multilateral dialogue ."
"during a speech in los angeles , gates said the company named its next generation windows server software formerly known as longhorn windows server 2008 ."
"for his part , da robert morgenthau says he wants to get to the bottom of why this was not reported ."
"the government proposed bills , which have been pending for two years , require companies to turn nonregular workers they have hired for more than two years into regular workers ."
a british home office spokesman strenuously denied that any intelligence from saudi arabia had been overlooked in the run up to the atrocities and that information provided by the saudis was materially different from what actually occurred on 7 july and clearly not relevant to those acts .
students have the most difficulty staying awake and functioning during early morning classes .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"i think our only alternative in this monument is to be 100 percent french , he told the associated press ."
the 55 year old american economist was the lone of winner of the 10 million kronor 1 . 4 million award and the latest in a string of american researchers to be honored .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
ana s president apologized for the problems with bombardier aircraft at the airline s annual shareholder meeting in june 2006 .
"the 6 , 300 kilometer 3 , 900 mile singapore airlines scheduled flight will mark the end of a much longer journey for the aircraft , the delivery of which was delayed by nearly two years , with costs running billion of dollars over budget ."
myanmar s government has said than shwe is willing to meet with suu kyi personally if she gives up her confrontational attitude and renounces support for sanctions against the military regime .
"i don t think he will allow it , because it s a very rare , unique piece , said carbot ."
chavez had no immediate response to the allegations involving him .
"amid wednesday s market falls , there were signs that the bailout investments were working ."
"we lamented the fact that the men had so much shame about erectile dysfunction , how rarely anyone came for medical attention , said dr . abraham morgentaler , an associate clinical professor of urology at harvard medical school ."
"authorities did not identify the 18 year old sitter , who is a relative of jenna and lived in the house in this rural pennsylvania town , 15 miles south of erie ."
"there were lots of injuries , said the state homeland security and emergency management department ."
"earlier , the taliban extended its final deadline at the request of afghan mediators , but insisted the release of taliban prisoners was the only way to settle the crisis ."
obama and mccain regularly make appeals to independent voters while on the campaign trail .
"grylls , 34 , is the host of discovery s man vs . wild in which he demonstrates extreme measures"
"president roh moo hyun also urged japan to reflect upon its actions for the past , act on the past apologies it has made on several occasions and prove in a clear manner that it has no intention of repeating them ."
"that appetite for escapism is most colorfully expressed in the phenomenon of cosplay , which sees teenagers dress as characters from cartoons and comic strips , or in the outlandish uniforms of various distinctive subcultures ."
he wants to design a car that doesn t cost the earth to make
"former prime minister alain juppe , a close chirac ally , was convicted in the case in 2004 and given a 14 month suspended prison sentence and a yearlong ban from politics ."
draft likely to be reduced
the procedure that created the bantengs has given conservationists hope that cross species breeding can help reverse the daily disappearance of 100 species and add genetic diversity to dwindling animal populations .
hackers briefly overwhelmed at least three of the 13 computers that help manage global computer traffic tuesday in one of the most significant attacks against the internet since 2002 .
"prime minister costas karamanlis , who faces general elections sept . 16 , toured fire stricken areas monday ."
"the pair , who cannot be named because of their age , killed 15 year old davis while the three were staying at the same house in the coal mining town of collie , south of perth , on 18 june 2006 ."
the nine who have been questioned are not allowed to leave the country until the investigation is over .
gizo was only 45km 28 miles from the epicentre of the 8 . 1 magnitude quake .
"in december , tabloids published pictures of winehouse with a mystery white powder in her nose ."
these companies can t go into the credit market and buy all the money they need to keep their operations going .
the tutorial instructs viewers in the production of various forms of homemade explosives
"when the entrance was discovered , the father called out and one of the girls answered , officials said ."
"a civic group said yesterday it has discovered 70 illegal or unfair share transactions committed by affiliates of chaebol , or family controlled conglomerates , in the past 10 years ."
"reports of the attacks came as the british ministry of defense announced that two british military helicopters apparently collided and crashed sunday in a rural area on the northern outskirts of baghdad , killing two british troops and injuring four others , one seriously ."
"in third place were the creators of youtube , chad hurley and steve chen , whose file sharing site has become the star maker mtv used to be ."
embassy in downtown seoul for a visa interview only to be turned down with no clear reason have developed animosity against the u . s . policy .
this is based on the international gsm mobile standard .
"hospital spokesman eurice rojas said late tuesday that 27 employees were suspended for a month without pay , after an internal investigation ."
"she has been compared to u . s . sen . hillary rodham clinton , who like her is a lawyer and senator who soldiered alongside a husband as he rose from small state governor to his nation s presidency ."
seoul has been under increased pressure to join the proliferation security initiative or psi since north korea conducted a nuclear test on october 9 .
"the president sent a message to moreno about two weeks ago , officials said , promising that she would be safe if she turned herself in ."
the accident the worst in ukraine in seven years highlighted the lack of attention to safety in a country with some of the world s most dangerous mines .
the survey showed 81 . 7 percent of the respondents said it would be hard for roh s proposal to be passed by the assembly or a national referendum .
"the gop also is holding caucuses saturday in nevada , but most republican candidates will be focusing their attention that day on the south carolina primary ."
police said there were reports of women and children among the casualties .
"the shooting happened near a middle school , but not on school grounds ."
"on the street , some people said they don t understand the motivations for the increase , but predicted their consumption would not change ."
"lebron you have to be like mike , hitting a 3 pointer at the buzzer to give the cleveland cavaliers a 96 95 playoff win over orlando ."
the overall figures are the sum of cuts planned by various universities in steps to reduce class size and meet other goals .
diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis over north korea s missile tests appear to have made little headway with two sets of talks failing to progress .
the medical law was established in 1951 and underwent major reforms in 1962 and 1973 .
lower gas prices were offset by higher prices for food and other items and unemployment claims were lower than expected last week .
president bush is in australia for the asia pacific economic cooperation summit .
"small says he s not 100 percent convinced these supplements will help stave off dementia , but they re worth a try ."
"clarke says posed no threat . however , he refused to put all the blame on the bush administration ."
"by early wednesday just two weeks since the profile s creation on may 14 about 14 , 000 facebook users had signed on as wen s supporters ."
french soccer star thierry henry was in his group .
"one hand waving at the on flight camera , the other clasping a dior space traveler handbag ."
"tokyo cnn rising energy costs triggered the biggest jump in japanese consumer prices in almost a decade while industrial production slumped , the government said friday , clouding the outlook for the world s no . 2 economy ."
"on wednesday , hong kong s legislators rejected chief executive donald tsang s reforms , saying they did not go far enough towards full democracy ."
"at least 59 people were killed and more than 200 others injured early thursday after a fire broke out at an upscale bangkok nightclub where about 1 , 000 revelers were ringing in the new year , thai police said ."
first year medical students are some of the biggest hypochondriacs around .
"it s everything you can wish for , and it s over in a flash , mirren said from the red carpet ."
"hanady kader , a university of washington senior , said she worked unpaid last summer helping resettle refugees and considers many of her peers to be civic minded ."
the u . s . military has said the delegates iraqi security escorts were carrying pistols and a rifle but had no weapons permits .
johansson
"following reports that pakistani nuclear scientist abdul qadeer khan claimed to have seen three nuclear devices on a trip to north korea five years ago , south korea s immediate reaction was that the matter was too sensitive to comment upon ."
"according to the mexican association of insurance institutions , the capital of mexico city is a favorite site for car thieves to work ."
beatie was born a woman but underwent hormone therapy before he was legally declared a man .
lee from the conservative grand national party gnp won the presidential election in a landslide victory on dec . 19 by claiming that he is the only candidate capable of reviving the sluggish economy .
there is no effective antiviral treatment for severe ev 71 infections and no vaccine is available .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"he said the airline had to suspend its operations tuesday morning because one of its main investors pulled out , causing the airliner financial problems ."
"taiwan lost its bid for representation in the united nations for the 12th year wednesday , with no country objecting to the general assembly president s call to reject a request from the island s supporters to place the issue before the world body s 191 member states ."
"the constitutional court on thursday ruled the government s plan to move the capital is unconstitutional , putting the brakes on the relocation project pursued by the roh moo hyun government as a key item on the national agenda ."
"if we do not act boldly and swiftly , a bad situation could become dramatically worse ."
is that your dress ringing ?
one historical account says pepper powder was used as a crude form of tear gas during the fighting .
"women love being treated well without the pressures that come with dating , she says ."
lean up against a pillar as the setting sun plays games with the colors of the stone and the sky .
officers spoke to cho at length then asked him to see a counselor .
putin was speaking thursday amid a mounting diplomatic row over moscow s refusal to hand over a suspect in the poisoning death of an ex kgb spy .
"the opposition grand national party protested vehemently , especially since it was less than a year ago that roh denied that the administration was considering a constitutional amendment ."
"nicole wong , the google attorney who oversees a team of lawyers who consider privacy and other policy issues that go into the making of each product , says she isn t surprised people are anxious or concerned about these innovations ."
"we need to stop endlessly repeating you re special and having children repeat that back , said the study s lead author , professor jean twenge of san diego state university ."
south korea banned beef imports from the united states in 2003 amid concerns about mad cow disease .
"our republic will continue to harden its war deterrent further in response to the us stepping up its nuclear war moves , the daily newspaper said ."
the constitution doesn t have any caveats .
"in the program , a sports insider testified that many of his fellow trainers said , having a sexual relationship is the first way to gain control of female athletes"
they are expected to discuss the fight against the taliban and al qaeda and the growing number of civilians killed in coalition military operations .
"a spanish court wednesday delivered an unexpectedly mixed verdict in the trial of 28 defendants charged in the 2004 madrid train bombings , convicting three of mass murder but delivering lesser convictions against the others ."
the letter also showed that kim harbored negative feelings toward the u . s . and was critical of the actions u . s . soldiers committed toward iraqis .
"sleep two hours , wake up and cry ."
brent crude for january delivery was little changed at 95 . 88 .
"london , england cnn jurors at the inquest into the death of princess diana have heard an eyewitness account of how a motorcycle raced from the scene of the fatal car crash that killed the british royal and her boyfriend , dodi fayed , in 1997 ."
six hoodlums at the center of the revenge accusations against hanwha group chairman kim seung youn appeared in public for the first time yesterday to claim the tycoon was involved in the attacks that followed a bar brawl between the men and his son .
"like the droplet , the boxfish s face is small in proportion to its overall length , and its streamlined surfaces encourage air to move over it without creating the turbulence that robs aerodynamic efficiency ."
"the suspect fled and police launched a manhunt in the southern city of melbourne , closing several streets and advising people to stay indoors as tactical officers armed with shotguns fanned out and helicopters joined the search overhead ."
"tempelman said that in order for the dutch court to consider kazemi s asylum application , he needed to prove that britain did not handle his asylum application properly , but he wasn t able to prove any wrongdoing on the part of the british government ."
"our goal is always to maintain a purely democratic system for the submission and sharing of information and we want digg to continue to be a great resource for finding the best content , adelson said ."
"what appears on television screens and through the media here and there is untrue , a man identified as a spokesman for the army of islam in gaza told al jazeera television ."
spokesmen for temasek and barclays declined to comment .
"the bold , a high end model that further demonstrates the company s desire to make tools for both work and play ."
this concerns a short piece of animation which we used as part of the logo launch event and not the actual logo .
"the video clip shows a diver plunging into a pool as part of a campaign to promote the jagged olympic logo , a graffiti like blow up of the number 2012 in a range of colors including hot pink and electric blue ."
"before the anti impeachment rally started in the afternoon , about 3 , 000 protesters , mostly college students , gathered in daehangno , 10 minutes by car away from gwanghwamun , to protest the u . s . presence in iraq on the first anniversary of the war ."
"the assessment said the agencies have no specific , credible intelligence indicating that terrorist organizations intend to utilize female suicide bombers against targets in the homeland ."
"for some time , for 10 , 15 minutes , i understand , they were tied to a gps mast , tomohiko taniguchi of japan s foreign ministry told cnn . the japanese crew members feared that two crew members from sea shepherd might do something violent ."
"but last month , a court in"
"the international atomic energy agency is not in the business of diplomacy , rice told reporters traveling with her to the middle east ."
police battle hundreds of rioters in two greek cities
"he s apparently all right , but the vice president has had to cancel a campaign appearance today because of a recurring heart problem ."
"it was the same last year and the year before that , and the year before that ."
"japan s nikkei index closed down almost 10 , markets in europe have been following the lead ."
"it is not clear how they could have contracted the disease , although there were reports of ducks in the town having the virus ."
a multi million dollar musical featuring hello kitty opened earlier this year in beijing and is in the midst of a national tour .
"manjhi s father looked into a legal adoption , but indian law does not allow single men to adopt ."
another reporter got it all on tape and of course showed up on youtube shortly thereafter .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"prosecutors said during a trial at a seoul court that they requested the heavy sentence for song , professor of muenster university in germany , accusing him of violating the anti communist national security law ."
"jiminez said marulanda was replaced by alfonso cano , a longtime ideologue for the group ."
"the attack came just a day after a conference in baghdad brought together officials from iraq s neighbors , the u . s . , and the u . n . security council , to search for ways to control the sectarian violence that has wracked the country ."
"two bradley fighting vehicles rushing to the helicopter crash site were hit by exploding roadside bombs , killing six soldiers and injuring three , the official said ."
he is the first politician with an islamist background to become head of state since the creation of the deeply secular turkish republic in 1923 .
"south carolina is bringing forward its republican presidential primary poll , a move set to trigger further changes in the us electoral calendar ."
"in the ruling , the appellate court ordered him to pay 30 million won in damages ."
"the shooting occurred on the corner of flinders lane and william streets in central melbourne around 8 a . m . monday 2200 gmt sunday , sending hundreds of frightened commuters fleeing ."
"for years now , ever since the conflict in former yugoslavia broke out , the icrc has strived to support the plea of the families of missing persons , hoping to bring about more answers on the fate of their beloved , paul henri arni , the head of"
"video released by the united nations showed patients squeezed two to a bed in shabby hospitals , with compresses over their eyes and facial injuries from being struck by a wave of glass , rubble and heat in thursday s blast ."
president pervez musharraf said thursday that pakistan believes its forces have surrounded a high value al qaeda target in a remote tribal region near the border with afghanistan .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"apart from the glory , he received a custom made flying finn electric guitar worth 3 , 400 ."
"the announcement monday by citigroup the largest bank in the u . s . that has recently suffered massive losses due to the nation s housing market slump raised speculation that there won t be a serious u . s . credit crunch if the company s finances improve , traders said ."
"it will still be some time before they start appearing in stores , however , because merchants must sell all of the existing stock first , a spokesman for britain s national health service nhs said ."
"three quarters of the sags , 120 , 000 members , have to approve any strike action ."
"elections are due by mid january , but there were fears they might be abandoned because of the crisis ."
"if he actually does have to go to jail it will cause some problems for hyundai , said yun ."
"and in samarra , just north of baghdad , two died in a suicide car bombing ."
president george w . bush will be near wall street today as he talks to world leaders about how to deal with the financial crisis .
"san juan , puerto rico cnn beauty pageant organizers were investigating sunday who doused a contestant s evening gowns with pepper spray and spiked her makeup , causing her to break out in hives ."
"a strong aftershock on sunday killed at least eight people , injured about 1 , 000 others and destroyed more than 70 , 000 homes in china s sichuan , gansu and shaanxi provinces ."
"and one , if not two insurgents , had run through the parking area toward the front of the building . the suicide bomber apparently came in right after that and blew himself up outside the building , stewart said ."
she had a few talking points that she stuck to and she repeated over and over again .
"roh also described kim as an outspoken man , adding that kim was able to make flexible decisions on many practical issues . roh did not elaborate ."
"what s made up of five women , four african americans , three latinos , two republicans and two asians , including a nobel prize winner ?"
"we welcome the creation of the chinese sovereign wealth fund and its potential for investing in our country , chancellor of the exchequer alistair darling said after meeting china s top finance reform official , vice premier wang qishan , for talks on financial cooperation ."
"three men have been arrested in germany on suspicion of planning a massive attack on us facilities in the country , officials have said ."
"the top of the mountain is black . . . that goes out about a half mile from the summit , vulcanologist brad scott said ."
"the jet clipped the top of a pine tree during a sharp turn at the end of the team s aerial exhibition , a military source said . the crash sent a plume of smoke into the sky , which the five other jets in the formation then circled ."
they are also saying we are going to kill the crew if our demands are not met .
"opposition conservative lawmaker liam fox said the failure of several nato countries to match the commitment shown by britain , the united states , canada and the netherlands , called the future of the alliance into question ."
"rescuers searched for survivors of hurricane felix on thursday as the death toll from the powerful storm rose to nearly 100 , according to the associated press ."
"north korea on sunday accused the u . s . military of conducting more than 1 , 200 spy flights over the communist country from january to june and claimed that washington was looking for a chance to launch an attack ."
"according to the joong ang ilbo , prosecutors said yesterday they are considering indicting chung mong koo , the chairman of hyundai motor group , on charges of embezzlement , breach of trust , tax evasion , and bribery ."
an actor escaped death in front of an austrian theater audience after slashing his throat in a bizarre on stage mix up .
the automobile and society in brussels .
"dutch researchers at erasmus university in rotterdam carried out a six year study of 5 , 395 people aged 55 and over who showed no signs of dementia ."
now a new breed of entertainer has cropped up think of them as male geishas .
"i can assure you that this is going to draw phenomenal interest . it is truly amazing , said dr . steve o shea , a squid expert at the auckland university of technology ."
draft likely to be reduced
"days after he officially jumped into the republican race for the white house , former tennessee sen . fred thompson finds himself in a statistical dead heat with rudy giuliani , according to a cnn opinion research corp . poll released tuesday ."
"many analysts have said that chung will probably avoid a prison term given his central role in running arguably one of the country s two most important corporations , the other being samsung electronics co ."
al sadr helped al maliki become prime minister last year .
"if we can imagine it , there s a good chance it can be programmed , wrote vint cerf , the original internet evangelist , on the official google blog ."
"a cnn employee , on the 24th floor of a high rise hotel , reported that the building swayed ."
"do not create such misconception that we are backtracking , we are following a multi pronged strategy military , political , socio economic ."
"about 2 , 000 people rioted in the impoverished northwestern province of gansu last month over plans to move longnan s city government offices , which were damaged in the may 12 sichuan earthquake , to a nearby county ."
"british prime minister gordon brown has said the number of uk troops in iraq will fall from the current level of 5 , 500 to 2 , 500 by next spring ."
washington s blacklisting of a macau bank in september 2005 had led the north to a more than yearlong boycott of the six nation talks during which it tested its first nuclear bomb .
"their presence has sparked controversy in canada , with the bloc quebecois and the new democratic party calling for an immediate troop withdrawal ."
"in the run up to the iraq war , rumsfeld sharply criticized nations opposed to the conflict specifically france and germany referring to them as old europe ."
"the increase in casualties at shifa followed israel s s ground incursion into gaza , which it launched on saturday night ."
"many of the players involved two years ago will be playing again on wednesday with paolo maldini , milan s captain , expected to become the oldest outfield player ever to appear in the final at the age of 38 ."
"in the struggle against terrorism , and pledged to work with the international community to fight terrorism ."
some of the romance of astronomy is gone .
"in an agreement reached last month outlining initial steps to implement a broader 2005 agreement , the north has to shut down and seal the yongbyon nuclear reactor , let inspectors of the international atomic energy agency into the country for verification and monitoring duties and discuss all aspects of its nuclear programs in exchange for 50 , 000 tons of heavy fuel ."
"baltimore , maryland cnn a two month old dolphin calf at the national aquarium is being nursed by three females , the aquarium announced ."
"a youthful gunners side took the lead in the 11th minute through eduardo da silva , but sevilla hit back to claim a deserved win and join arsenal in the last 16 ."
key decisions about overseas plant construction involving both hyundai motor and its affiliate kia motors corp . were delayed while he was away .
joining us live from wall street is the ap s warren levinson
"malouda refused to let rio ferdinand block him as he chased ashley cole s lofted pass and , aided by a tug on united defender s shirt , the france winger got in front off him to poke the ball past van der sar ."
president george w . bush is bidding farewell to the white house press corps this morning in a wide ranging news conference .
living in a cage in hong kong
"after giving an assignment , ask that person to describe the task in their own words ."
"scorsese was chosen as filmmaker of the year by his peers , his first win at the guild awards after six previous nominations ."
"the google earth mapping service combines 3 d satellite imagery , aerial and ground level maps and the power of google , one of the internet s most widely used search engines , to make the world s geographic information user friendly ."
"the typical person who lives one year ages one year , he said . the typical president ages two years for every year they are in office ."
"i don t even want to think about that , she said . i know it s coming . . . ."
"the israeli delegation , led by prime minister ehud olmert , arrived sunday ."
"poland , a staunch u . s . ally , sent combat troops to the 2003 war in iraq and still has some 900 soldiers stationed in the southeast , despite public displeasure with the mission ."
draft likely to be reduced
the men were also suspected to have dug up muslim graves to get bones which could fetch them thousands of rupees in the black market .
"workers at hyundai , south korea s largest carmaker , have begun a four day series of stoppages in a row over pay ."
the happiness paradox
"in an interview with the associated press , paulson said the turmoil that has gripped wall street and that took a turn for the worse again in march has eased somewhat . there s progress , he said ."
"obama , speaking at a news conference , also announced the nomination of gary gensler to serve on the u . s . commodity futures trading commission and dan tarullo to fill one of the vacancies on the federal reserve board ."
"hundreds of thousands of people had turned out to greet the former prime minister , amid a huge security presence ."
"as members of the australian parliament , we believe that the denial of justice in david hicks case erodes the values and principles shared by australia and the united states , lyn allison , leader of the australian democrats minor opposition party , said in a statement ."
israeli police said two rockets had fallen on a christian area of haifa called stella maris .
"president george w . bush on thursday sharply criticized foreign policies advocated by democratic front runner barack obama , saying it would be a mistake to meet the leaders of iran and cuba without preconditions or swiftly change course in iraq , according to reuters ."
it is the largest us presence in the reclusive state since the korean war more than half a century ago .
indiana jones .
"at 62 , clapton has 20 years of sobriety , a happy marriage and three young daughters ."
"no date was set , though a white house statement said the gathering would be held in the united states soon after the november 4 general election ."
"they targeted the city s ancient jewish centre , tourist spots and a diplomatic complex ."
"television footage showed high winds pounding rocky shorelines in the central prefecture of shizuoka , while a landslide farther north in chiba flattened one house ."
the company was established in 1996 but has shown no business transactions since then .
in southern california national transportation safety board investigators say the engineer sent a text message from his cell phone just 22 seconds before last month s commuter train crash that killed 25 people .
"he said it s political as well and requires national will , an implication that iraqis need to put aside their ethnic , tribal and religious allegiances to help the state survive ."
"the lobster , which peta said was 140 years old and weighed 20 pounds , had been confined to a tank at city crab and seafood restaurant in manhattan when two customers alerted the animal group ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
retail analyst britt beamer says even today s big cuts won t reverse the one of the most dismal shopping seasons in some forty years .
"hanwha group chairman kim seung youn , facing accusations of ordering his bodyguards to retaliate against a group of young men involved in a brawl with his son , was questioned at the namdaemun police station sunday ."
"by the way , the world health organization says the genes in swine flu may come from pigs , but there is no indication that the current epidemic is coming from swine ."
"north korea is ready to start dismantling its nuclear programs following the shutdown its sole operating reactor , a north korean diplomat said sunday , as long as the united states lifts all sanctions against the communist nation ."
"chicago cnn warren buffett s investment company announced tuesday it will pay 4 . 5 billion for 60 percent of marmon holdings , a private company of more than 125 manufacturing and service businesses ."
al maliki emphasized his political detachment and fairness .
"a series of attacks have been launched against iraqi security forces in baghdad in northern iraq , killing at least 6 people ."
"the united states softened its demand that north korea publicly admit to having a highly enriched uranium program and to providing syria with nuclear technology , key issues that stalled negotiations for months ."
"he was raised by humans but is now bonding with the seven other apes at the park , a zoo official said wednesday ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"there is no doubt that charles is less popular than the queen , who commands wide respect throughout britain for her unswerving devotion to duty for more than half a century ."
it would be like picking her favorite sibling
"jakarta , indonesia cnn indonesia has temporarily grounded all adam air flights starting wednesday because it says the discount airliner failed to implement quality standards for its aircraft ."
"there is no reason to panic , he told cnn ibn . everything is under control ."
"while the meteor will burn up over egypt and the sudan , traveling from the southwest to the northeast , it could be visible from much of southern europe , northeastern africa , and the middle east , according to christine pulliam of the harvard center ."
"massive demonstrations against the government recently have been held in ankara , istanbul and izmir ."
"he did not specifically mention homosexuality in his speech , but his meaning was clear , and gay rights activists criticized the remarks ."
"on sunday , the taliban ruled out further talks after they said government negotiators demanded the unconditional release of the hostages and a senior afghan official said that force might be used to rescue them if talks failed ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
it was the first time either of them had seen the ocean .
"we are encouraged by the labor union and the provincial government in helping to find a fair and timely resolution to the current work stoppage , george lin , factory general manager said in a statement wednesday ."
the office is near scotland yard police headquarters and several other government offices .
"a pakistani express train derailed early wednesday morning , killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 135 others , police said ."
some were simply informal .
"australia has more than 1 , 000 troops in and around iraq , many in non combat roles ."
"some people who had known me here . . . and knew my personality and my voice decided that i might be a funny match for this crazy , enthusiastic hamster , he said , seemingly at ease with a half dozen camera techs and studio publicists surrounding him at the movie s press junket ."
but their indifferent form counted for little as a first half strike from christian panucci and a superb double after the break from mirko vucinic sunk luiz felipe scolari s men .
an initial pathologist s report concluded that he had been strangled .
"her rule of about 21 years was the longest among ancient egyptian queens , ending in 1453 b . c ."
a spokesman for the military command in diyala province confirmed that the gunmen were wearing military uniforms but they were in civilian vehicles .
it will be released in south korea today .
he said thursday that australia also was considering increasing its contingent of 500 troops in afghanistan .
"they did locate uh , an aircraft , which we have now confirmed is the one that steve fossett was flying when it disappeared last labor day ."
the coins were minted during the early 7th century .
president obama says there s no religion in the world that s based on hatred .
"liverpool , though , will have other ideas and are bidding to win the european cup for the sixth time after their epic penalty shootout victory over milan in istanbul in 2005 ."
"the bush administration continues to support musharraf , who it views as a key ally in the war on terrorism ."
"after estrada failed to show up for work , her sister , who lived nearby , forced her way into the locked residence in the oak hills mobile home park , about 25 miles west of fort worth in this rural community of 1 , 600 people ."
"shares declined about 3 in extended hours trading . the federal government said monday it was restructuring aig s bailout plan , buying 40 billion in preferred stock , reducing its original 85 billion bridge loan to 60 billion , and cutting the interest rate by 5 . 5 percentage points ."
"it s all very exciting , he said , for a self described normal teen who spends a lot of time drawing ."
"coalition aircraft were called in to strafe fighters who attacked coalition troops in amara and majjar al kabir , two shiite cities in the maysan province bordering iran , the military said ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"but with the cost of installing necessary software and integration systems , the total robotics market could be worth closer to 25 billion ."
prosecutors refused to comment until court proceedings were completed .
"senna was shot four times in the head , and the hooded men sped away ."
the first of what could be 11 inches of snow by thursday already is on the ground around detroit .
"the assembly announced the delay of the vote at the request of jordan , representing arab nations ."
"beyond the near collapse of the icelandic economy , alcoa has reacted to the global economic slowdown by cutting back on aluminum production around the world ."
"with the backing of beijing s cultural heritage administration and unesco , the u . n . cultural organization , lindesay s international friends of the great wall plans to hire local farmers as rangers to pick up garbage and make sure bits of wall aren t carried off ."
police sergeant ed wessing says the gunman opened fire on officers responding to calls about the shooting
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"her commitment to style and design is ever present in our thinking and the way we work . we will remember liz for her vision , her entrepreneurial spirit and her enduring compassion and generosity ."
he claimed that in his last few months as prime minister
"aiko is what happens when science meets beauty , he said ."
"despite the unwelcome attention , pitt told king that he wants more children with jolie . we re just getting started , he said ."
unfortunately some of these dogs turn up at the re homing center in the new year as unwanted gifts .
"god is greater , god is greater , and may the debased ones be accursed ."
"the two business have about 19 , 000 employees in britain ."
"nevertheless , he adds , most of the problems seen in the study were related to the surgery itself ."
authorities said the preliminary physical description of the body found about 50 miles east of el dorado matches that of missing college student emily sander .
"kookmin , korea s largest bank in assets , submitted a bid totaling 6 . 4 trillion won 6 . 6 billion to buy a 64 . 6 percent stake in the bank , now controlled by lone star funds of the united states ."
"south korea had the highest number of tourists to visit cambodia last year some 221 , 000 south koreans were among last year s total of 1 . 7 million foreign visitors , according to statistics from cambodia s tourism ministry ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"however , he did add that the fembot s software could be tweaked to simulate her having an orgasm ."
it dawned on her that the gulf in care was troubling her .
"she responded , every piece of remotely responsible research that has been done in the last 20 years on this issue has shown there is no difference between children who are raised by same sex parents and children who are raised by opposite sex parents ."
volcker to head board of economic experts
it s not just academics who set up monetary contracts to fight procrastination .
"building began last year , and the vault is scheduled to open officially tuesday ."
it s a matter of whether or not we can keep from that job loss being as severe as it could be .
"details of how the cash will actually be saved are still emerging , but obama is prepared to say the active support of groups that have fought each other and lawmakers for years shows even they know reform is a necessity that cannot wait ."
markets across asia and europe suffered heavy losses as the fallout from the shock sale of bear sterns continued but wall street recovered most of its losses on a dramatic monday .
"five unconfirmed deaths were reported in neighboring papua new guinea . among the dead were a bishop and three worshippers at a church on simbo island , the uniting chursh said ."
"utah senator orrin hatch co sponsored one bill introduced thursday , the criminal spam act of 2003 , which targets people who hijack computer systems or use other fraudulent means to send unsolicited commercial e mail ."
"we are seriously concerned , as these old houses are the soul of hoi an , giang said . if they are ruined hoi an will not be hoi an anymore ."
"hill also said in tokyo that the two sides discussed resuming six party talks , adding that they could take place in early july depending on a few factors . he did not elaborate ."
authorities found journals and handwritten notes describing the mother and daughter s attempts to find a monkey small enough to smuggle back to the united states .
last year louis vuitton held an exhibition at the espace louis vuitton in paris titled the temptation of space which included an installation by legendary french designer philippe starck .
the apparent calm did not stop the buzz .
the american targeted the event in australia as the first step on his comeback after a three year absence from the sport .
these mammoth amusement parks are filled with employment opportunities for the summer job seeker from working the rides to selling souvenirs to wearing a mascot costume .
"thousands of singaporeans signed a petition objecting to the casinos , citing fears about the social impact and risk of crime ."
"news reports said at least 14 people were killed including a u . s . soldier , a south korean soldier and a u . s . government contractor ."
"maj . gen . douglas raaberg , director of air and space operations at the air combat command in langley , virginia , has been ordered to investigate how the nuclear tipped missiles were flown across the country without anyone knowing , officials said ."
"and most of all , the challenge of putting people first , of including all citizens"
"ingrassia joined dow jones in 1977 as a reporter in the journal s chicago bureau , and served as chief in various bureaus ."
"another 66 cases that did not result in death could also be linked to contaminated pet food , according to dr . emilio debess , oregon s public health veterinarian ."
"if the election laws are rewritten , most college freshmen would be able to vote in elections ."
"officers held his arms to support him as they led him to a police car , which sped away in a heavily guarded convoy to the tribunal s offices ."
britain s highest court decided wednesday that a rapist who won the lottery while in prison may be sued by his victim even though the statute of limitations ran out 20 years ago .
"park , who is 69 , is a former president of the korean bar association ."
"since china and taiwan split in 1949 amid a civil war , beijing has claimed that taiwan is a renegade province and should not have diplomatic ties with other countries ."
"moscow , russia cnn natalia bessmertnova , a soviet era prima ballerina who danced with the bolshoi ballet for decades , died tuesday , a spokeswoman for the ballet said ."
it then admitted to its own breach of ethics in journalism when filming the material that also sought to question the authenticity of dr hwang s work . mbc tv publicly apologized on sunday for violating journalism ethics while investigating hwang s research .
"at the time of this incident , i complained to the police that they were misconstruing my actions ."
"we re excited to see this feature as well , as it fills in another gaping hole on the original handset ."
"the operation was made possible by the afghan national security forces and the afghan people , the statement said ."
"of 299 assemblymen , 160 lawmakers of the pro government united new democratic party undp and the democratic labor party dlp and the democratic party dp voted for the bill ."
"china s railways and roads are the lifeblood for its manufacturing sector , one of the fastest growing in the world ."
"the two sides could not agree , and when the armenians tried to begin the procession , the greek monks stepped in and the fighting began , the ap reported ."
"trigem computer , one of the nation s largest makers of personal computers , has sought court protection after losing the competitive battle to low cost chinese producers and becoming weighed down by debt ."
"the dow jones industrial average rose 19 . 17 points , or 0 . 15 percent , to 12 , 823 . 01 ."
british forces will remain to train and supervise iraqi forces .
"it s great to have such a huge number of elephants , but the increasing man elephant conflict following the shrinkage in their habitat due to the growing human population is giving us nightmares , said pradyut bordoloi , former assam forest and environment minister ."
"a career diplomat , lee served as ambassador to britain and israel , deputy executive director of the korean peninsula energy development organization kedo , deputy foreign minister and director general of the ministry s trade bureau ."
"he said that the only news in the announcement is that , once again , the prosecution has extended its investigation . it is hard to imagine what more the prosecution could hope to analyze or review on this investment ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
teddy s father told a different story .
the times report did not mention cheney s visit to pakistan and it was not known if the vice president conveyed such a message to musharraf .
the president s calling it bold and decisive legislation needed to stabilize the nation s financial system .
"the united states has softened its demand that north korea publicly admit to having a program to develop highly enriched uranium and to having provided syria with nuclear technology , key questions that have left the negotiations stalled for months ."
musharraf replaced the previous court shortly after issuing the emergency order a move that his opponents said amounts to a power grab .
the federal transportation security administration is investigating the incident .
"montgomery , 39 , was convicted monday of kidnapping and killing bobbie jo stinnett on december 16 , 2004 , in the victim s home in the northwest missouri town of skidmore ."
a simple photo of interlocking steel chains along with the single headline free them !
"the new program , called blunt 2 , started this week in one borough and should be in place in all 32 london boroughs within the next few months , said a metropolitan police spokesman , who asked not to be identified in line with police rules ."
"rushes soho , a festival that takes place every summer for a week , is in its tenth consecutive festival year ."
we are very excited by what we ve seen in the lab .
"agents of oil providers , who supply oil from refineries to retailers , have also been extremely profitable ."
the mountain view based company already is planning to expand the service to other u . s . cities and other countries .
the deal was announced tuesday .
"london , england cnn the long threatened yangtze river dolphin in china is probably extinct , according to an international team of researchers who said this would mark the first whale or dolphin to be wiped out due to human activity ."
"rajesh chharia , president of india s internet service providers association , explained that some firms were trying to reroute via pacific cables and that companies serving the eastern us and the uk were worst affected ."
he says there are so many rabbits they threaten to permanently damage the island s sensitive vegetation and its historical buildings .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"there can be no debating the need for saddam hussein to disarm , said white house spokesman scott mcclellan earlier ."
"the album , stone of sisyphus , takes its name from a character in greek mythology who rolls a heavy stone up a hill only to have it roll back down again and again for eternity ."
"castro said he was stepping down tuesday as president of cuba and commander in chief of its military , according to a letter published in the country s state run newspaper , granma ."
"this month , russia s foreign ministry ordered the st . petersburg and yekaterinburg offices to shut , saying they were operating illegally and avoiding paying taxes ."
"as with audio cds , users can fly over video segments they don t like ."
"the document says , flexible movements by u . s . forces in and out of korea would mean that the government would have to accept american decisions to cut its forces , the possibility of the use of those forces in circumstances involving taiwan and u . s ."
i ve gotta have every single one of you voting and you gotta grab five more .
flying with the flu ?
"bush said that the basin potentially contains more than three times as much recoverable oil as saudi arabia s proven reserves , and that the high price of oil makes it profitable to extract it ."
scientists say that has slowed science in this effort .
"croatian blanka vlasic won the women s high jump , improving her world s year best by one centimeter to 2 . 07 meters on her third attempt ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the ill fated f 15k was one of the air force s next generation jet fighters valued at about 100 billion won each .
"he was found guilty of passing on national secrets , which included details about south korean politics and its politicians ."
"it s not clear where the video was shot , although the man who appears to throw the puppy and another marine are in full combat gear with helmets ."
rumsfeld promised more would be done to protect forces .
another anxious morning on wall street
"gunmen opened fire on a car carrying both men , killing adel al zubeidi and wounding thamer hamoud al khuzaie ."
"though both men come from the governing ump party , they have had tense relations ."
"more than 200 , 000 people have been displaced in the turmoil , according to the kenyan red cross ."
heart rate increased 10 beats a minute for those without contact compared with five beats a minute for huggers .
"i deemed it was time for a person of greater caliber to come to this post , as all the past achievements on inter korean reconciliation and the security of the peninsula are mired in a political rift due to the north korean nuclear test , unification minister lee jong seok said in a meeting with reporters ."
"charles , the eldest of her four children , was not yet 4 years old ."
"we ll do the same program , we ll dedicate it to his memory and that will be our opening concert . and please , by the way , can you get us another conductor ?"
"the merger moves come during troubled times for ba , which saw its pretax profits fall by 92 percent in the first half of this year , a loss it blamed on high oil prices and troubled financial markets ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the conference board , a new york based business research group , said tuesday that its consumer confidence index fell to 38 in december from the downwardly revised 44 . 7 in november ."
"the business generated by such customers is impossible to quantify , but it s big enough that several stores , including wal mart , home depot and best buy , devote"
commonwealth foreign ministers have given pakistan 10 days to lift its emergency rule or face suspension .
"demonstrators barricaded city streets sunday in athens and thessaloniki and hurled petrol bombs as they battled with police , who fought back with tear gas in the second day of rioting ."
"democrats , focusing on the potential for cures or treatments of parkinson s , alzheimer s and other diseases , made the embryonic stem cell legislation a priority when they took control of the house and senate in january ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
there s not expected to be much resistance to senator clinton s nomination .
the ap s mark smith has the story live from the white house
the president defends the 3 . 6 trillion blueprint as inseparable from a sustainable recovery .
a vehicle being used by the terrorists as a fighting position was also destroyed by the close air support .
these pro palestinian protesters in new york say it s israel that s to blame
"we estimate that a 1 percentage point fall in the u . s . growth rate could still lead to a 0 . 25 to 0 . 5 percent decline in korea , schiff said ."
simpson has said the items belonged to him .
"sequined women stood in front of glittering new models , speaking ardently of sporty split dual exhausts , electric , 12 way adjustable seats and classics for tomorrow ."
"at about 9 a . m . , a cart driven by one of the workers hit the elevator doors on the third level of the stadium , opening the doors to the shaft , and then the cart moved forward and fell onto an elevator below , officials said ."
"in moscow , kiosks for adding money to your cell phone seem far more common than atms ."
"on wednesday , assemblyman jose rivera of the bronx introduced a resolution in the state legislature to generate standards to protect the health of teenage models and entertainers , ap reported ."
"still , it s all as splashy as 250 million can buy , and on occasion the cgi guys conjure something akin to poetry"
illinois police still haven t released the name of a man suspected of fatally shooting a pastor yesterday at a church across the river from st .
the obama camp claimed it was circulated by mrs clinton s staff as a smear .
allam in london and barbary five hours away in cornwall .
"shops throughout the city closed down in fear of the demonstrations , he said ."
"the visit was also intended to pave the way for a meeting between koizumi and chinese president hu jintao , japan s jiji press reported ."
"about 1 , 800 chinese soldiers and police were already at the site ."
palin also apologized tuesday for any misunderstanding caused when she referred last week to the patriotic values of the real america and pro america areas of this great nation .
"however , hacker was concerned that spears didn t seem to have child centered interactions , according to the ruling ."
i understand the president also wants to send a message about science and politics ?
variation in loneliness among people also has an explanation in evolutionary biology .
us secretary of state condoleezza rice said she welcomed the concert but cautioned against expectations that it would lead to dramatic change .
"it was a historic occasion , the first time in the history of the republic that a president has got married in office , as lebel said ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn about 50 students broke into a dutch consulate compound in indonesia wednesday to protest a film by a dutch lawmaker that many muslims consider anti islamic ."
cardinal joseph ratzinger is the next pope of roman catholics .
"earlier tuesday before it emerged that the shooter was from south korea , president roh moo hyun offered his deep condolences to bereaved family members and wished quick recovery of injured people , the president s office said in a statement ."
but its past concealment of sensitive enrichment research from the international atomic energy agency and continued stonewalling of iaea inquiries have sapped confidence in its intentions .
"to our knowledge , north korea has not given such information to beijing , said lee kyu hyung , south korea s second vice foreign minister ."
"palestinian medical sources said at least 400 people have been killed in gaza since the israeli raids began saturday , and 2 , 000 have been wounded ."
"the team , nicknamed the lions of mesopotamia , were due to be whisked to the green zone for an official ceremony inside the heavily fortified compound that protects u . s . and iraqi authorities ."
"president roh moo hyun , tuesday clarified that south korea will not allow u . s . troops to become involved in any dispute in northeast asia without the consent of the korean government ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"this makes china s role more important than ever for resolving the nuclear standoff , and at the same time constrains washington s policy choices , beck said in the article for the feb ."
"but robert has said the case was botched from the start , beginning with her son s examination by a doctor who said her son was gay ."
"i like beach towns so small that they have no real grocery store , just a mobile market that rolls in every morning ."
national weather service meteorologist joshua scheck who moved from maryland and says he loves it in north dakota .
"sarkozy said tuesday he would not back down on the reforms , and opinion polls suggest most french disapprove of the walkouts ."
"my client is very clear that there was no discussion by mr . auvinen of his intention to commit a criminal act , he said . i believe that facts will show that mr . auvinen did not own a weapon until after my client was detained ."
"at some point , he says , it may not be possible to pull out ."
he has also called on south african president thabo mbeki to stand down as a mediator in the crisis .
a river that flowed out of the lake was reduced to a trickle .
sony is counting on the price cut to help it significantly grow sales of the ps3 ahead of the crucial holiday shopping season that accounts for most of the annual sales of highly profitable gaming software .
"kabul , afghanistan cnn a suicide bomber walked on to a bus carrying officers to a police academy and detonated himself in kabul , killing at least 35 police officers , police say ."
"after three more hours , my thigh muscles began to twitch uncontrollably ."
"after two or three months , i asked him to abandon the course because of these personality traits , which are not the ideal profile for a paraglider , lichtnow said . so what happened comes as no big surprise ."
iceland and denmark are the latest countries to declare a deposit guarantee german chancellor angela merkel yesterday said her government would guarantee all private bank savings and cd s .
"with as much as 7 billion in expected startup capital , backers say the banco del sur , or bank of the south , will offer latin american countries loans with fewer strings attached than those given by the world bank , the international monetary fund or the inter american development bank ."
keys is set to sing a duet with a virtual frank sinatra as well .
"although the film is not scheduled for release in afghanistan , there are concerns that pirated dvds could reach kabul and some residents might react violently to the rape scene ."
"the kids loved operation spy and the spy tools in the museum s permanent exhibits a soviet listening device hidden inside the heel of a target s shoe , a lipstick pistol and poison gas gun nearly as much as they loved the gift shop , which offered every spy toy imaginable ."
dick cheney became testy last week when cnn s wolf blitzer asked him what he thought of conservatives who are critical of his daughter s pregnancy .
the japanese transport ministry and the naha fire department said the passengers included 155 adults and two toddlers . the crew was made up of 2 pilots and six flight attendants .
"both debates will be held on the campus of st . anselm college and are sponsored by cnn , wmur and the new hampshire union leader ."
"you will make a mistake , he said . you will have slips , it is part of it ."
south korean trade minister kim hyun chong described the agreement as the most important event between the two countries since their signing of a military alliance in 1953 .
israeli foreign minister tzipi livni says her side is trying to stop militants from firing deadly rockets into israel
"the multilateral dialogue , attended by the two koreas , the united states , china , russia and japan , went into recess in november after an ineffective three day talks in beijing ."
"the walls of the tunnel made of ashlar stones 3 feet deep reach a height of 10 feet in some places and are covered by heavy stone slabs that were the road s paving stones , shukron said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
ninety out of the 139 legislators of the governing uri party also urged the government to present a troop pullout timetable .
"stockholm , sweden cnn olympic 400 meters champion jeremy wariner ran a personal best of 43 . 50 seconds at the dn gala meeting on tuesday to equal fellow american quincy watts as the third fastest man ever ."
all bodies but one were found inside the plane .
but a spokesman said the government has succeeded in keeping the rapid expansion under control .
living in a cage in hong kong
draft likely to be reduced
"outfitted with 5 point safety harnesses , padded seats , cup holders , foot brakes and fold out storage containers , the sleek , curved cloud 9 has every family covered for a ride through the park ."
"the environment shown is similar to that on releases made before the september 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , in which bin laden is seen in the company of some of the hijackers , nasr said ."
"washington cnn a chunk of antarctic ice about seven times the size of manhattan suddenly collapsed , putting an even greater portion of glacial ice at risk , scientists said tuesday ."
the blue chip indicator has now risen in 21 of the last 24 sessions for a gain of 7 . 4 percent .
jerusalem police chief aharon franco said the lone gunman was killed by an off duty army officer who lives nearby and ran to the school after hearing gunfire .
"benoit s employer , world wrestling entertainment , said in a statement on its web site that he canceled two events in texas over the weekend , citing an undisclosed family emergency ."
"police then found the five victims , who had all been killed with an ax , braunsperger said ."
but one of the center s longtime forecasters said proenza s comments were misguided .
the catalans in the northeast and the basques in the north already have their own national songs with lyrics .
"five days after coming home he was dead , killed by a microscopic amoeba ."
"the stories developed a following on the internet , and she self published the sex chronicles before landing a deal with simon schuster ."
she said that at some point the fbi knew that the chinese had identified her as an american agent .
kim told reporters at a press conference at incheon international airport that he was not a spy . he also said he did not intend to damage u . s . security and the information was not about the nation s security or defense .
"while the film s box office take was fairly modest , it is about right for this transition time of year between the summer blockbuster season and the fall oscar push ."
"south korea s list of punitive measures that will be reported to the united nations on monday does not include any new steps to support the security council s resolution resulting from north korea s nuclear test , officials in seoul said on sunday ."
president roh moo hyun expressed concern over some korean who is backing u . s . more than u . s . citizens .
magistrate william turnoff agreed with the government s case for extraditing noriega to france
"the service initially would focus on the asia pacific region close to japan , a jaxa news release said ."
it was not immediately clear which branch of the armed forces the passengers were from . police said the army had cordoned off the area .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
virgin galactic showed off this animated video promoting the weightless joys of commercial space travel at a trade show for experimental aircraft last month .
"roh is scheduled to meet his greek counterpart karolos papoulias today and discuss ways to build cooperative ties in the areas of maritime shipping , tourism and ocean technology ."
"sitting around the table or on the phone were lawyers representing smith , stern , and smith s former lover larry birkhead ."
"what awaits us in the end is a fatal blow to ourselves , leading only to our downfall ."
gov . tim kaine declared a virginia wide state of emergency as hazardous weather continued through the central part of the state .
the taliban at one point demanded that 23 jailed militants be freed in exchange for the koreans . it is not clear how many militants the taliban want freed or which ones .
the other thing you need is a really good vacuum cleaner .
archeologists think the tunnel leads to the kidron river .
"the big threat this century could come from small thawing glaciers , researchers reported thursday ."
"in an interview with the korea herald , gen ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"japan s nomura on monday said it had 27 . 6 billion 303 million of exposure , but that the impact on its capital would be limited ."
"this year , the globes leading nominee is atonement , the period drama based on the ian mcewan novel about a shattered love affair ."
"maisel said patients with pacemakers and icds are told that magnets can interfere with the function of their implants , but they may not be aware that headphones contain the magnetic substance neodymium , which helps with sound reproduction ."
beckham has recently been recalled by england and played a key role in a 1 1 draw in a friendly with brazil then created two goals in the 3 0 win in the euro 2008 qualifier against estonia last week .
but officials are looking for an alternative site amid fears the bridge may be damaged .
"at the time , ban expressed regret , saying that countries participating in the six nation talks on north korea s nuclear programs should refrain from using expressions unfavorable to dialogue partners ."
"a ministerial meeting of the parties in east asia would follow at the end of july , hill said ."
it cited the politically motivated prosecutors as the prime reason behind the collapse of the deal .
"the impression , which was released yesterday , shows a man of southern european or mediterranean appearance walking while cradling a child ."
"the interior minister , michele alliot marie went to the scene ."
"in addition to 60 deaths , the heavy rain that began last november has left more than 43 , 000 people homeless , according to official figures . five people are reported missing ."
"another measure is to abolish all other forms of substitute service , such as service in the police , state run companies and prisons , within five years to fill the possible manpower gap in the military from the reduction in service period ."
the attorney has been ordered to attend a disciplinary hearing at the ministry of justice next month .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"wang jiarui , head of the chinese communist party s international liaison department , visited pyongyang on wednesday to press kim on the nuclear issue ."
"civic elections might seem like small beer , but the persecution that compelled milk to run for office is no trivial matter ."
"suu kyi is the daughter of the country s martyred independence leader , gen . aung san ."
the suspect is at large .
prosecutors have been taking a hard line against corruption in south korea .
8212 half the weight
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
police tossed tear gas canisters into the crowd of opposition students after bottle throwing clashes broke out with a smaller group of pro chavez demonstrators near the national assembly .
but japan believes they and others could still be alive in the north .
"when second life residents observe an in world event they deem newsworthy , they can take snapshots , shoot video , or write a report about the event and submit to cnn ."
do whatever it takes to end crime
price incentives have to be examined carefully to ensure that they do not lead to detrimental environmental practices .
a warrant for laurean s arrest on murder charges was issued over the weekend .
that is what we try to do every day
"he also reaffirmed the strong korea u . s . alliance , saying , compared to the previous administration , the new government will be more active in closely coordinating with the u . s . over north korea policies . he also dismissed speculation that there might be behind the scenes deal between north korea and u . s . nuclear envoys in singapore where they held talks last week ."
"when they don t , people focus on what they haven t done , rather than what they have ."
"after hitting land , the howler veered toward the country s mountainous northern provinces , where authorities , fearing landslides , evacuated hundreds of people , officials said ."
"microsoft was one of hd dvd s main backers , along with intel intc , fortune 500 and japanese electronics maker nec corp ."
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad accused the united states of applying a double standard in dealing with terrorism by its lack of action against kurdish rebels who launch attacks against turkey from northern iraq .
living in a cage in hong kong
some of his followers in the united states and canada may indeed be highly educated but they seem to have forgotten their knowledge of basic sciences .
"florida s specialty license plates require the payment of additional fees , some of which go to causes the plates endorse ."
"atlanta , georgia cnn it was one of the greatest humanitarian acts in history ."
pipeline fires are common in nigeria .
the g8 summit has opened in germany amid disagreement over how to tackle climate change and worsening relations between russia and the west .
"clinton s political stock is on the rise , although she insists she will not consider entering the race for president this year ."
"sarkozy , who in a fiery televised debate on wednesday watched by 20 million people questioned whether royal posessed the temperament to be president , retorted that his opponent could feel the ground giving way beneath her feet ."
"the results did rule out that tut was violently murdered but stopped short of definitively concluding how he died around 1323 b . c . experts for the time though suggested that days before dying , tut badly broke his left thigh , apparently in an accident , that may have caused a fatal infection ."
"biti asserted that with results in from 180 constituencies , the mdc has won 67 percent of the vote meaning that even if mugabe carries the other 30 constituencies , he could not avoid a run off ."
"christie s , the famed auction house , this week sold a nearly 36 carat diamond for 24 . 3 million , which it said was the highest price for a diamond sold at auction ."
the move was in response to a recent landmark deal on ending north korea s nuclear programs .
"if the suggestion is somehow that . . . she s going to have a better record than i have and will be better able to withstand republican attacks , i think that s an issue that should be tested , the illinois democrat told reporters wednesday ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"obama last visited iraq in january , 2006 for a two day tour of the country ."
"he was later captured , but broke out of prison and returned to lead disaffected troops ."
"in its latest effort to rev up the stagnant economy , the government yesterday decided to offer 50 percent to 100 percent tax cuts to startup businesses hiring five or more employees ."
"a powerful earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7 . 1 struck japan s northern island of hokkaido early monday , swaying buildings , throwing objects off shelves and triggering a small tsunami wave that reached the shore ."
"king philip iv of spain 1605 1665 selected the diamond in 1664 as part of a dowry for his daughter , the infanta margarita teresa 1651 1673 ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
wolfowitz will leave the post at the end of june .
woman wants to get resume off her chest
"the monetary authority of macau mam said the funds were available with immediate effect , mam spokeswoman wendy au was quoted as saying by japan s kyodo news agency ."
we joke about the parallels between the amazing creatures we encounter here and human family behavior .
the reform of the national pension system has stalled in the face of political wrangling .
"i m disappointed sea shepherd took an action that risked lives , hogarth said in a press release ."
these peoples remain healthy in body and spirit despite the passage of time .
microsoft said on thursday it would take a more than 1 billion charge to fix an unacceptable number of repairs to its xbox 360 video game consoles and had missed shipment targets for the end of june .
"the british broadcasting corporation has announced massive job cuts , saying it plans to sack around 1 , 800 of its staff ."
"what we are suggesting is what kind of areas are at risk in a catastrophic event , usery told a meeting of the association of american geographers ."
"the company said no reports have been filed for batteries made after 2006 , and noted that the recalled units are a small fraction of the more than 260 million it has shipped over six years ."
"http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3200193 seoul , south korea cnn 8212"
and gossip was all we could do because the company wouldn t tell us anything .
"the end result was this was a genuine ufo and the file was simply closed , he wrote ."
"cnn 8212 seventy people have been confirmed dead and more than 700 remain missing more than four days after a ferry capsized in a typhoon off the coast of the philippines , the country s defense minister said wednesday ."
they said they would ask the french embassy to assist in seeking her return to seoul from france .
45 n . k . defectors broke into the canadian embassy in beijing .
the outcome of the election could determine whether serbia forges closer ties with the west or drifts further toward russia .
"this is a highly professional job , done by people who knew exactly what they were doing , said the lead sao paulo police investigator on the case , marcos gomes de moura ."
"manchester united midfielder paul scholes is to have an exploratory knee operation that will rule him out of the start of next season , the club said on monday ."
the news across the globe was uniformly grim .
"german authorities were following leads on another 400 people , and france was looking into more than 100 others , ap reported ."
gere said he was confident the issue would be sorted out .
"in what he called a defining moment for our nation , sen . barack obama on tuesday became the first african american to head the ticket of a major political party ."
the trip often takes more than a week .
"a british man who reappeared five years after he was thought to have drowned in a canoeing accident has been arrested on suspicion of fraud , police confirmed wednesday ."
"beijing , china cnn a proud china invited the world to the 2008 beijing olympics with a dazzling song and dance and fireworks display , but cheers and shouts of 10 , 000 beaming citizens could not mask fears about pollution ."
"quoting the defense ministry , the korea times reports south korea will establish an integrated operation command of the army by 2010 , as part of efforts to build a more future oriented armed forces ."
police issued an amber alert for julian and asked people to look out for a 1994 white chevrolet suburban with illinois license plate x584859 .
premier wen jiabao will then deliver the government work report the equivalent of a state of the nation address looking back at the past year and outlining plans for the next year and beyond .
"dr . pamela peeke , clinical assistant professor of medicine at the university of maryland school of medicine , also recommends the dr . susan love research foundation web site ."
"and the young beggar and game show winner of slumdog millionaire , directed by danny boyle millions , trainspotting ."
i ve always wanted to do it since i started golf .
"wolverine , was leaked online a month before its official release ."
"not just because bread is a pretty reliable expeditionary food , but because the act of cooking , according to zubrin , seems to help people get along with each other , especially when they are in slightly dire , less than luxurious and more than stressful circumstances ."
"at the start i was cleaning homes , but i wasn t making much ."
"while officials have said they re not going to drag anyone out of their home today at six o clock , they really hope people still pack up , go back to their hotel , go back to shelter ."
rice was responding to the iaea s announcement that it plans to send a team to north korea next week to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor .
"a fresh earthquake hit the island on wednesday , but no injuries or major damage have been reported so far ."
"jendayi frazer was speaking in south africa , at the start of a tour to lobby zimbabwe s neighbours to put pressure on president robert mugabe ."
that number will determine how many bears need to be killed by hunters to keep the population under control .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
production resumed at iraq s vast southern oil fields after authorities reached an accord with militant shiites who had threatened to attack the country s vital export pipelines for crude .
"the thailand based assistance association for political prisoners , comprised of around 100 former inmates , has put out a report describing homosexual rape , electric shocks to the genitals and other abuse ."
they hold key business jobs and a few occupy top diplomatic and government posts .
"the dna collected from the hair is much cleaner and much less damaged than that from other parts of the mammoths , he said , so it is more economic to sequence it ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"in an interview with the weekly itogi , medvedev suggested supporting russian actions that led the british council to suspend operations at its offices in st . petersburg and yekaterinburg , ap reported ."
"it has also given us everything from simple algebra to quantum physics and rocket science to binary code , the basic language of all modern computers ."
"that individual , reed raymond prior , was ordered released from prison in february 2009 ."
"in a recent case , the seoul district court the same one deciding chung s case ordered a three year suspended jail term and a fine for park yong sung , former chairman of the doosan group , for embezzling from the conglomerate ."
"the dispute with the british council is the latest in a diplomatic tit for tat that has been escalating since late 2006 , when former russian agent alexander litvinenko was fatally poisoned in london ."
new front in the battle for the commercial skies .
"an elderly woman sobbed as she tried to dig into the ruins with her bare hands , and a police officer held back a crying teenage boy who tried to approach the building , the ap reported ."
"yangon , myanmar cnn myanmar s ruling junta restored internet access but kept foreign news sites blocked , partially easing its crackdown as a u . n . envoy arrived in thailand on sunday to rally neighboring governments around demands for democratic reforms in the country ."
the temple mount is where israeli solders brought him after his capture .
the 1879 battles of isandlwana and rourkes drift .
"the south korean government decided on saturday to send 1 million worth of medical supplies and other emergency relief to north korea following thursday s massive train explosion in ryongchon that killed at least 160 and injured 1 , 300 ."
"the statement adds that cerny and his colleagues initially wanted to use 27 european artists for entropa , but fell short due to lack of time and money ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"yet mehta has another solution for india s chronic electricity shortage , one that does not involve power plants on the ground but instead massive sun gathering satellites in geosynchronous orbits 22 , 000 miles in the sky ."
"it serves as a recruitment tool for terrorists , and increases the will of our enemies to fight us , while decreasing the will of others to work with america ."
"two senior security officials , speaking on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the media , characterized the action as a limited hot pursuit raid ."
"but the german automaker , which will be renamed simply daimler , will not actually get most of the money that cerberus is paying for the once proud automaker ."
he was chosen on the third round of votes by the 115 cardinals meeting to select pope john paul seconds successor .
"the reply of course , said youssif s mother , zainab ."
"i don t want to just show up and give one of those whoop dee do speeches and get everybody whipped up , she said ."
vermont senator patrick leahy tells abc s this week he fully expects the senate to confirm a supreme court justice to replace the retiring justice david souter before the start of the next supreme court session
"i hope to one day be as classic as he is , she told cnn ."
one eyewitness told cnn he saw a young man wearing combat boots and with an assault rifle and a handgun .
the new fiscal year starts next week .
"the scientists found pieces of wood , remains of pots , fossil bones and what appeared like construction material just off the coast of surat in western india ."
"some of the more than 2 , 000 people evacuated because of the flames are being allowed to return to their homes ."
.
"lee is in london to promote the good , the bad , the weird , and is polite and unassuming in person , taking time to reflect as he delivers his responses in english ."
"by contrast , the westinghouse cbs combination merely piles two broadcasters on top of each other ."
"in the mayor s view , he should not be shown as a cult figure , kolodziej said ."
it also offers live tracking so you can monitor your progress as you drive or walk along .
it s going on in washington this morning .
donations and grant money covered the art supplies .
the increase in unrest has paralleled the increase of business and factory closings and job losses .
beardsley said he initially thought the alleged robbery was a law enforcement operation .
i know many of you listening this morning are frustrated with the situation .
at least 20 people have died over the last month after clashes between rival groups of the security forces .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the discs store seven times more data than existing cds , and new disc drives will read that information faster ."
"up until this moment , the biggest source of concern is the possibility of a credit crunch , said mamoru arai , senior vice president of foreign exchange at mizuho corporate bank ."
"what matters is that children are being raised in a stable , loving environment ."
he could not be revived and was pronounced dead at a hospital .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the united states was swift to condemn what it called terrorist attacks in karachi during peaceful political demonstrations .
"myanmar state media has reported that 2 , 000 people were detained during the demonstrations and the crackdown against them under an emergency law imposed on september 25 banning assembly of more than five people and that 700 of those people have been released ."
"krugman has been a harsh critic of the bush administration and the republican party in the new york times , where he writes a regular column and has a blog called conscience of a liberal ."
"at least one building and several cars were burning after the blast in the predominantly shiite district , reuters news agency reported ."
"it ll take all of us , working together , to lead the way out ."
draft likely to be reduced
"ben hur , and the lord of the rings"
"the suspect , in his early 50s , was arrested on suspicion of trying to hijack the plane , interfax reported ."
"he s in their heads , he s inside the heads of those people , says prof . daniel alvarez , a religion expert at florida international university who has debated some of de jesus followers ."
"of the 20 , 000 tourists in quintana roo , about 13 , 500 had been evacuated as of monday evening , said rosario ortiz yeladaque , the state s secretary of government ."
"the writers contract expired october 31 , and they plan to strike at 12 01 a . m . monday 3 01 a . m . et if a deal cannot be reached ."
the united states had promised to resolve the case this month as part of international efforts to roll back the communist regime s nuclear weapons program .
aid agencies are working with the pyongyang government to get emergency relief to many thousands affected .
"seoul s proposal for a peace regime is expected to include a peace treaty , which will replace the armistice signed at the end of the 1950 1953 korean war ."
"since then , north korea has pulled out of the international atomic energy agency and has threatened to restart reactors stilled by a 1994 u . s ."
a county official at the scene told reuters that investigators were trying to work out whether the blast was accidental or deliberate .
"chicago co stars renee zellweger and richard gere won for best musical comedy acting , and meryl streep and chris cooper received supporting performer honors for the loopy screenwriting comedy adaptation ."
"chaudhry was removed from office on march 9 by president pervez musharraf , who accused chaudhry of misusing his powers ."
the last time japan won the pageant was in 1959 when akiko kojima became the first miss universe from asia .
"sit there in the box , for 4 to 6 weeks and maybe even longer , and sweat it out , and hear all of the stories , all of the victims ."
"they described cards for the lover s day as obscene , and a violation of mainly hindu india s cultural ethos ."
"with kennedy s assassination , johnson became the 36th president ."
britain s biggest mortgage lender halifax bank of scotland saw shares dive nearly 20 percent at one point before recovering as the bank robustly denied rumors of liquidity problems that revived fears over the impact of the global credit crunch .
"baez also covers scarlet tide , a song written by elvis costello and t bone burnett for the 2003 film cold mountain ."
about his country s troubled economy .
"there was a reuters story this morning quoting john prestbo , editor and executive director of dow jones indexes , please disregard his comments which were misunderstood ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the organization of petroleum exporting countries next meets february 1 in vienna , austria , to consider increasing output ."
"mark smith , at the white house ."
"we believe the germans ambushed the romans here , but the legions quickly fired back with catapults and archers"
"governments must stop granting the aviation industry the unfair privileges that allow this to happen by taxing aviation fuel and including emissions from aviation in international agreements to tackle climate change , dyer said ."
the parties accuse abdullah gul of having a hidden islamist agenda and say his election would threaten turkey s secular tradition .
"it s definitely happening there on saturday , lionel walker , regional head of tourism , told the ap . it is the best free publicity we could ask for ."
"last month , typhoon lekima left 88 people dead in vietnam ."
"chung was the target of an investigation into allegations that he masterminded the collection of a multi billion won cash hoard over the last five years , of which a large sum was spent on the eve of the 2002 presidential election ."
and what is the real harlem anyway ?
"they have urged other countries in latin america to condemn colombia s actions , efforts that paid off as nicaragua broke diplomatic relations with colombia on thursday ."
"and as parents , we want our kids to feel guilt"
"football dignitaries gathered in sheffield , northern england , on wednesday to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of sheffield fc the sport s oldest club ."
"the world is so heavy and dark , he observed ."
stretching is an important part of any exercise program .
"about 23 said it would get worse , and 26 said it will stay the same ."
same day tickets can usually be bought for the first 10 days of the honbasho and you can also get advance tickets at the venue .
iraqi pm nouri maliki said it was a horrible crime aimed at stirring strife between iraq s religious communities .
"so , in conjunction with our governor and with the marine corps , we did provide him with a generator so that he could keep his communications going and keep them safe ."
"issued by the heroes project , an organization the 57 year old actor co founded to combat aids in india ."
"beijing , china cnn china condemned a massive rally organized by taiwan s president calling for the island s membership in the united nations , warning sunday that beijing was now preparing for a serious situation ."
"but on a visit to kyoto mr kim told reporters , i protest to the governments of japan and south korea for ignoring my rights ."
"it picks up the signals of brain cells as they generate commands to move and converts those into directional signals for the robotic arm , which the monkeys eventually used as a surrogate for their own ."
flying with the flu ?
"obama continued to look to the general election , focusing his attacks as he has for the past week on sen . john mccain , while commending clinton for her courage , her commitment and her perseverance ."
"firefighter brandon thompson , 27 4 years"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"in 1993 , while working on the film version of jurassic park with steven spielberg , he teamed with the director to create er ."
chavez said his forces had airplanes and helicopters ready to retrieve the hostages at a moment s notice .
problems arose with making the key known to both parties and then protecting it from third parties .
draft likely to be reduced
american idol has one of the early favorites among the finalists
the new report follows a study released by ucla last month which found that nearly three quarters of the freshmen it surveyed thought it was important to be very well off financially .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
many diplomats here said the public humiliation of lone star fund created an image problem for south korea among foreign investors .
white house spokesman scott mcclellan said it was a good agreement but warned that implementation of the program is key .
"lee is expected to visit moscow in late may or june after his trips to the united states , japan and china between mid april and may ."
it s an expansion of a small shopping web site that carried keychains and t shirts .
"tim geitner is uniquely qualified uh , to do this job"
"the korea times reports foreign minister ban ki moon , who returned home after a brief trip to washington , stressed south korea and the united states agreed to make diplomatic efforts to resume the six party disarmament talks ."
"flood warnings and flood advisories all over the northern part of the state , but because the storm system was moving across the state we ve also had tornado watches , and hail sightings and funnel cloud sightings in the southern part of the state ."
"sixty three percent of those surveyed say the country is ready for a female president , 13 points lower than those who say the country is ready for a black president ."
world number one roger federer stepped up his bid for an australian open title hat trick on thursday when he swept aside french veteran fabrice santoro to reach the third round .
both the us and japan had said they would consider a range of options including economic sanctions if a launch of the taeopdong 2 missile went ahead .
he is also the first in the lee family to face summons since the special prosecutor s team began the investigation into the group last month .
"roh described gnp candidate lee myung bak s campaign pledges as empty , while calling park geun hye , another gnp hopeful , the daughter of a dictator ."
"sayed alami balkhi , a lawmaker from the northern province of balkh , said the speaker of the upper house had sent the lower house a letter sunday , saying joya had humiliated and attacked both houses ."
analysts have said the gadget could potentially transform the mobile telephone market by providing service supported by advertising instead of subscription fees .
and multigigabyte hard drives will go by the wayside as multiterabyte drives will be required to hold the microsoft bloatware of a decade out .
"votes are being counted in the thai general election , as early indications suggest abstentions outnumbered votes for the prime minister in some areas ."
"my friends and i based ourselves at 3 rivers , the rough and ready resort winston has carved out of a former banana plantation ."
"suddenly , it dawned on him ."
galberth had said late monday that wal mart pulled the products off store shelves based on the customer feedback but wanted to complete the testing before announcing anything publicly .
"experts are worried that if it does mutate , the h5n1 strain could become more easily transmitted between humans , leading to a worldwide pandemic of the killer disease ."
i understand the government is cautiously considering proposing to u . s . officials that the target year be delayed if the study finds any element posing a threat to security .
police said they believed a suicide bomber was involved .
"a city bus drops you off a mile from the park visitor center , or take a shuttle or tour bus right into the park ."
"today it s known as casa casuarina , a five star luxury hotel ."
"one factor certain to drive the fashion crazy towards space concepts is the super wealthy space tourists reportedly paying a minimum price of 200 , 000 per seat who are set to make trips into orbit an everyday occurrence for those with deep pockets ."
"the proud father , ben byler , described the birth as amazing ."
"in what was hardly a surprise , communist china will never have western style democracy , a senior official said on the eve of the country s most important political meeting in five years ."
communist chinese defense minister cao gangchuan is to begin a five day visit to japan for talks with top military leaders .
"the move would bring the number of us troops in iraq to pre surge levels , with about 130 , 000 still deployed in iraq ."
this problem began september 27 with the failure of hubble s science instrument control and data handling sic dh system .
"five days later , almeida was summoned to a police interrogation and swore she was innocent ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the ai for vitamin d is 200 international units for adults under age 50 , 400 iu for those 51 to 70 , and 600 iu for those age 71 and above ."
bush said it s sad that we live in a time when a talented and honorable person is impeded from doing important work .
"with sunny weather comes the ability to dine alfresco , which means people will find any excuse to eat out all summer long ."
the joong ang ilbo reports the company has decided to close its research and development center in korea .
"london , england cnn a london department store has started selling coffee for 100 a shot ."
newspapers across europe have reprinted caricatures of the prophet muhammad to show support for a danish paper whose cartoons have sparked muslim outrage .
one seat went to an independent candidate .
uri party failed in by elections .
"at some point the other cheetah attacked her as well , ferraro said ."
"korea is seeking to build company towns to promote investments and enhance corporate competitiveness , the korea herald quotes the ministry of construction and transportation as saying yesterday ."
"military officials said army experts were clearing buildings , streets and houses of explosives placed by the militants ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
a surprise 1 0 defeat at almeria on sunday .
"over the past four months , buhritz , located just south of baquba , has seen an increase in the number of al qaeda in iraq fighters ."
"also on wednesday , afghan police and coalition troops battled taliban militants in southern afghanistan and killed more than two dozen of the insurgents , the u . s . led coalition said ."
it was initially 9 p . m . to 5 a . m .
"though it will expand , this month the game is scheduled to launch in just three cities tokyo , osaka , and nagoya , is offered only in japanese , and is available through just one carrier , kddi ."
"warner brothers move to exclusively release in the blu ray disc format is a strategic decision focused on the long term and the most direct way to give consumers what they want , barry meyer , chairman and ceo of warner brothers , said in a written statement ."
"bush says the package doesn t just benefit the titans of finance , it helps the average american ."
a golden mask found on the mummy of psusennes i presides over the gold gallery .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"burck lawsuit against mars inc . and chute gerdeman inc . alleges they infringed on his trademark and violated his privacy when after they released ads showing a guitar playing m m dressed in burck s trademarked white cowboy hat , white cowboy boots and white underpants ."
in 2005 the documentary enron
"angry letters , powder sent to bank branches"
"lee said the current security situation is very grave , even comparing it with the financial crisis in 1997 when south korea was enrolled in the imf tutelage program ."
it was dubbed warming island by american explorer dennis schmitt when he discovered in 2005 that it had emerged from under the retreating ice .
"given the employment numbers that we re seeing , the economy is going to contract a great deal in the fourth quarter ."
"the fear is that melting ice from greenland and other arctic areas could cause sea levels to rise enough to flood low lying cities , such as shanghai , china , and new york city , displacing millions of people in the process ."
"his encampment grew to include polemical posters , wooden crosses , teddy bears , and graphic images of children maimed or killed by u . s . weapons ."
"he was apparently one of a number of americans and other foreign nationals rounded up today , keller said . an american consular official who visited him at the central police station reported that he was being held for violation of the journalism laws ."
the only major movement in recent weeks was china s dropping its insistence that it be allowed to conduct peaceful nuclear explosions under the treaty on the theory that they might be useful for massive engineering projects like digging canals .
"while out of paris grim lasante prison , kerviel will be under judicial control , cnn s jim bittermann said before his release ."
"the twin engine plane involved in the accident had accumulated about 7 , 000 flying hours , airbus said ."
"the demonstrators moved through the city in pickup trucks , minivans and cars , distributing leaflets condemning the kidnappers and chanting anti taliban slogans through loudspeakers ."
"the atmosphere is incredible , he said after chelsea s 1 0 victory . it made me feel a little bit embarrassed at times ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"airports have had to redesign terminals to accommodate the world s largest passenger jet , which has a wingspan of nearly 80 meters ."
clinton completed her testimony on tuesday .
"according to putin , use of the radar station would make it unnecessary for russia to install offensive complexes at european borders and unnecessary for the united states to put such complexes in outer space ."
new york cnn former vice president al gore said he has fallen out of love with politics and has no intentions of running for office again .
"we ve been working closely with the governor of the bank of england , with the financial services authority and the financial institutions to put the banks on a longer term , sound footing , said darling ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the company that makes the ubiquitous , addictive blackberry smart phones said tuesday it was still looking into what caused the second widespread service disruption in less than a year ."
"italian police said tuesday s arrests were the result of an investigation , started in 2003 , into some salafi cells which were organized by tunisians and algerians ."
"the third member of the council is the shiite vice president , adel abdul mahdi ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"seoul , south korea cnn a south korean abducted more than 30 years ago has reportedly escaped from north korea ."
"mcnairy county judge weber mccraw , who presided over mary winkler s criminal trial , said tuesday she would not be permitted to travel to talk with winfrey ."
a 2006 abc news poll found that nearly three quarters of those surveyed had observed someone using a phone or e mailing and text messaging in midconversation .
"prosecutors are scheduled to arrest kim upon his arrival in seoul and will question him on allegations of lee s involvement in the stock manipulation , prosecution sources said ."
one issue before the justices is whether san francisco s laws carried legal weight when the rest of the state banned gay marriages .
"it was not known whether police would take the man , vaalen gaanev of the web site reptilweb . no , into custody for questioning ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"with 60 , 000 turkish troops massing close to the country s south eastern frontier , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan s government faces growing public pressure to take action following a weekend pkk ambush which left at least 12 turkish soldiers dead and eight more missing ."
"according to its web site , second life is inhabited by millions of residents from around the globe ."
"the 30 minute rampage , caught on the zoo s security camera , happened early wednesday after the boy jumped a security fence at the alice springs reptile center in central australia , said zoo director rex neindorf ."
a group of anonymous software developers said they will soon start selling a program that will allow iphone owners to use the hugely popular device on cell phone systems around the world and not just with at t .
the massive implosion at the yongbyon facility was intended to be a powerful public symbol of a move to end nuclear activities by the communist nation once branded a member of an axis of evil by u . s . president george w . bush .
"police are also seeking warrants for three other people , including two subway officials and the man accused of igniting the carton filled with gasoline that started the blaze , choi said ."
george lucas is planning a live action television series spinoff of the star wars film franchise .
chung testified that he gave the money to jeon in return for a promotion .
draft likely to be reduced
"the icrc has set up new camps to accommodate them because they represent a wider variety of tribal groups , some of whom might not feel comfortable living with those in the established camps ."
the incident happened sunday in the narrow shipping channel that leads in and out of the persian gulf .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"caffeine may influence cell development and decrease blood flow to the placenta , he added ."
"police arrested a senior taliban commander who escaped twice from prisons in afghanistan , nabbing him during a clash in the country s south that left three insurgents dead , an official said tuesday ."
"both were at the rawalpindi park where bhutto was assassinated on december 27 as she left a political campaign rally , said investigator chaudhry abdul majeed ."
"the company found that the average e mail user spends 49 minutes managing e mail on the job each day , and a quarter spend more than an hour a day managing e mail ."
the president elect ordered the review of contacts between his aides and the governor about appointing obama s senate successor .
"the tampa bay rays held off the defending champions boston red sox 3 1 sunday night behind matt garza s masterful pitching in game 7 of the al championship series , earning a date with the philadelphia phillies ."
he flicks a finger across his throat in a threatening knife slash gesture .
"defense secretary donald rumsfeld left his job immediately following the election , as the iraq war s influence on voters became clear ."
former first lady barbara bush is said to be doing great in a huston hospital this morning .
"on sunday morning , they fired rocket propelled grenades , mortars and small arms at u . s . and iraqi forces ."
"samsung was preparing reform plans and plans to outline them in a news conference next week , the release said ."
they said the improving conditions would be impossible without troops ensuring a secure environment for aid workers and local residents .
"analysts say that still smells of recession it s actually down from the week before , and less than economists feared ."
harry is third in line to the british throne and serves with the blues and royals .
"sony is also introducing a new version of the ps3 featuring an 80 gigabyte hard drive and a copy of motorstorm , an off road racing game that has already sold a million copies ."
"eclipsed by digital photography , polaroid s white bordered prints and the anticipation they created as their ghostly images gradually came into view"
group net performance swung to a 10 million euro loss from a 522 million euro profit in the same quarter last year . sales dipped
"chengdu , china cnn a powerful 5 . 8 magnitude aftershock hit china s sichuan province sunday , reportedly damaging more than 70 , 000 homes in the region where at least 60 , 000 people were killed by a powerful earthquake on may 12 ."
several loud explosions have been heard at a mosque in the pakistani capital where armed islamic students have been resisting a siege by security forces .
"on sunday , crews were still working to repair scores of traffic lights throughout the city , said donna owens , the city s deputy commissioner of public works ."
"police say the tanker went up in an earth shattering blast , as a crowd of hundreds had gathered around scooping up the leaking fuel ."
"another resident , lal mohammad , told the associated press on saturday that the fighters in musa qala were being led by gafoor , the hardline militia s corps commander in western afghanistan during the taliban regime ."
"i think it s incredibly important to preserve the buildings , brigham said . they have a much more human scale than skyscrapers ."
the associated press reported that officials said at least 56 people had been killed and 150 injured .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"south africa s people were crying out to the nation s leaders to do whatever it takes to end crime , inkatha freedom party leader mangosuthu buthelezi said at the funeral ."
"beyond that , says stoll , your best bet is supplements ."
"citizens , not spectators"
"cnn an austrian man has confessed to killing five members of his family with an ax , vienna police said wednesday ."
"the missouri senator says it s clear pelosi had been told about the interrogation method , although he acknowledges he wasn t at the briefing"
last year s wave of new virus attacks could be duplicated this year .
"it is important to stress that it is the making of animal skin drums that is the risk for coming into contact with anthrax rather than playing or handling drums , he told pa ."
"earlier thursday , north korean negotiators appealed for aid from the south , but seoul appeared resistant to promising any major assistance until pyongyang keeps its pledge to start dismantling its nuclear program ."
convicts already do work for mexican companies .
"one recent episode , aired not long after students returned home from schools , included a bondage scene between a woman in leather and her daughter s boyfriend ."
"it will cause some questions from the british authorities to mr berezovsky , peskov was quoted as saying ."
prison officials have said hicks will be kept in a 2 meter wide 6 foot wide single bed cell similar in size to the one he left in cuba .
this is a victory for all thai people who unreasonably lost their freedom on 19 september .
"the man walked into a vienna police station in the early hours of wednesday morning and told authorities he had killed his wife and seven year old daughter early tuesday , police spokesman michael braunsperger said ."
"exiled hamas leader khaled meshaal said his palestinian islamic fundamentalist group has put forward a list of 350 palestinians it wants released from israeli jails in exchange for shalit , but he blamed israel for the breakdown of talks ."
"after the close , starbucks reported weaker earnings and higher revenue , both of which missed estimates ."
"the korea times reports song min soon , deputy foreign minister and chief south korean delegate to the six party talks on north korea s nuclear arms programs , said that no symptoms have been found to back up recent speculations that the north may test an atomic weapon soon ."
"student groups also discussed ways to participate in the protest , while religious leaders released a group statement denouncing the assembly s passage of the impeachment motion ."
"we are still working details , but it seems that there was a suicide bombing there , tariq azim khan , pakistani information minister , told cnn ."
how can you not do it ?
"the national news agency , bernama , said the directive was issued by the municipal council of kota baru and is aimed toward muslim women working in restaurants and other businesses in the city ."
"and once you get through the moffat tunnel , you re right there at winter park ."
"arabic language news network , reported last month that ibrahim al shammari , a spokesman for the islamic army in iraq , said his group also in the islamic state of iraq does not plan to work with al qaeda in iraq ."
this must be the other major objective for the ioc in the next few years . rogge defended his performance as ioc chief saying
authorities estimate that red cross warehouses containing emergency supplies will go empty within a week .
many bodies are still thought to be trapped under debris and rescuers say the odds of finding survivors are slim .
the bodies of four u . s . soldiers have been found west of baghdad .
are the products of the evangelical christian organization teen mania .
"in west bengal state , three government supporters died in an explosion , a day after an activist who opposes the land grabs was shot dead by supporters of the governing communist party of india marxist , said raj kanojia , the state s inspector general of police ."
sunderland have dropped into the relegation zone with 15 points from 15 games and were thumped 4 1 by bolton on saturday .
global tourism feels the squeeze
"nato led forces killed a senior taliban leader with a precision airstrike near a southern afghan town overrun by militants , a spokesman for the alliance said sunday ."
"judge cesare tacconi also ordered 13 people to face trial on the same charges , at the end of preliminary hearings into the case , the sources told reuters wednesday ."
"analyst trilby lundberg says a gallon of gas is still 1 . 49 cheaper than it was one year ago , and pump prices do vary"
"but the governor of cash strapped new york state , wants to tax itunes songs and other downloaded digital content ."
that prompted hundreds of thousands of car owners to line up for miles at gas stations late tuesday and early wednesday .
"so we have to prepare our own program , regarding the security on the korean peninsula , and discuss it with the u . s ."
"another 30 lawyers were arrested in islamabad and rawalbini as they gathered for a demonstration , police said ."
the korea herald reports the army is pushing to change its 24 year old uniforms to be more comfortable and better suited to the demands of modern combat operations .
"we began in genesis , and we read all the way through without commentary or comment , to the end ."
"home construction down again , according to the commerce department this morning , but the dow is up in the first 90 minutes on wall street"
there have been growing calls from both inside and outside the government since a commission issued an interim report monday holding olmert responsible for severe failures in the conduct of israel s campaign against hezbollah guerrillas in lebanon .
"the standard poor s 500 index was up 1 . 36 points , or 0 . 09 percent , at 1 , 473 . 86 ."
but one downside is edwards relative lack of experience .
they work solely for money .
a lab worker escorted each participant up the elevator of yale s psychology building and casually asked for help holding her cup of coffee
"and obviously what that does is it makes me much more determined to try to break a deadlock that has gone on for decades now , he told abc s this week ."
"adults well developed immune systems usually can fend off the virus , but children are vulnerable to it , according to the u . s . centers for disease control and prevention ."
the 23 year old serb also won the china open last week and the italian open earlier this year .
kim s captors had said they would kill kim unless south korea withdrew its troops and halted plans to send more .
"richard gere tried to quell the storm over a public kiss he gave a bollywood star at an aids awareness event , apologizing friday for any offense ."
it s not been an easy decision .
"according to the official xinhua news agency , after a series of experiments on animals and what it described as a favorable response to the practice from both condemned criminals and their relatives ."
"the record turns its spear point on china , the article said ."
the company said trading was suspended monday to avoid any disorderly market and volatility in the securities of the company that may result from further release of unverified allegations in the media .
"clinton told her supporters in indianapolis , it s full speed on to the white house ."
flying with the flu ?
"it certainly is reasonable for us to assume that cho was the shooter in both places , but we don t have the evidence to take us there at this particular point in time , flaherty said ."
"her last name has not been released because it is court policy not to name victims of gender violence , said an official at the superior court of justice of valencia , which covers neighboring alicante ."
"i see the guy as more like john wayne , which is to say i don t like his politics but he s endearing in a strange , goofy , awkward way , and he did capture the imagination of the country , he said ."
"i didn t even find this a close call , said district judge frank marullo ."
"let s hope the characters will not be prosecuted for failing to appear , ravelli quipped ."
"korea moved up to 17th position in the global competitiveness ranking this year , achieving the biggest advancement among 117 economies , according to the world economic forum s annual study ."
kim decided to go to iraq to earn money for graduate school as well as fulfill his dream of conducting missionary work in arabic countries .
"the patrol officer was passing the pont de l alma tunnel in paris at 12 30 a . m . , moments after the couple s mercedes crashed , and was flagged down by passers by ."
north korea s foreign ministry said it welcomed the u . s . move and would give international inspectors access to its main yongbyon nuclear facility to oversee the crisis .
they are pressing the italian government to seek the extradition of the u . s . agents .
"authorities have evacuated about 200 , 000 people who are considered to be at risk if water overflows the dam ."
a u . s . official said tuesday that the pentagon is investigating whether iran was behind a january 20 attack in karbala that left five u . s . troops dead .
his democratic challenger jim martin will be joined by rapper ludacris as he makes a final pitch for votes .
"but a top us adviser on the issue , dennis wilder , insisted that no one has let them off the hook ."
some of ronner s telecom engineers will be able to dial in remotely sunday to make sure the time change went seamlessly at catholic healthcare s offices and hospitals .
"the eu delegation has balked at that stance , saying it would render january s major emitters meeting meaningless ."
"san francisco police identified the victim of the fatal attack as a 17 year old boy from san jose , california ."
"however , ancelotti said after the dubai date that beckham is still not at his best after more than two months without a game ."
"given that korea sent 3 , 600 soldiers to iraq , the third largest number following the u . s . and britain , his failure to mention korea has raised suspicion that bush may not consider korea an ally ."
"he shot the film in just 20 days with a cast of real high school students , not actors ."
the seoul metropolitan government is suing mbc television over a report it aired alleging the mayor and other city officials rigged the competitive bidding for the city s recently installed bus pass system .
"despite jitters over an impending war with iraq , a dismal us christmas retail season and growing piracy , movie attendance was expected to grow by at least five percent , with higher ticket prices accounting for the remaining rise in revenue ."
"so this whole broad life is summarized by him who was inspired by god , the lord of the heavens and earth , praised and exalted is he ."
physical and chemical treatment
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
but 53 percent of oxford university s students come from state schools .
giovanni said the final straw came when two of her students quit attending her poetry sessions because of cho .
"winds that blew as hard as 101 mph on sunday dropped to 75 mph on monday , 50 mph on tuesday and continued to ease wednesday ."
even some uri party officials are becoming increasingly skeptical .
the murders and miyazaki s arrest dominated headlines in the country and prompted calls for tighter restrictions on the content of violent adult videos .
it has already begun the process of disabling its yongbyon nuclear reactor .
"antichrist is the best person in the world , he says ."
"that s where my dream career was going to be when i was 8 years old , like the young cosette in les miserables ."
"the chosun ilbo reports that a north korean was murdered by skinheads in vladivostok , russia ."
samsung fined 300m for price fixing in us .
"under the terms of the agreement , the company will pay the fine in five annual installments ."
"however , the girl is four years younger than california s age of consent , although the law does allow 16 year olds to marry with parental consent ."
he endorsed clinton shortly after and played a key role in the new york senator s unsuccessful iowa campaign effort .
"this is one of the largest and most impressive coin hoards ever discovered in jerusalem certainly the largest and most important of its period , said doron ben ami and yana tchekhanovets , who are directing the excavation on behalf of the israel antiquities authority ."
"los angeles , california cnn the same television networks that bring chilling news of war , natural disaster and economic woes into american homes will try to make amends this fall by offering viewers an escape route ."
music when you feel lost and about to give up
u . s . troops have found the body of a 33 year old south korean hostage who was beheaded in iraq .
it was the first time for bush to use the incendiary phrase axis of evil during his second term .
"daimlerchrysler ag , meanwhile , said its mercedes car group saw sales increase 9 percent in august compared to last year , reaching a record 96 , 200 mercedes benz , maybach and smart brands sold ."
both countries still have large state sectors .
"an autopsy was conducted monday in the bahamas on the body of the couple s son , jett travolta ."
thor hushovd of norway and former world champion tom boonen of belgium were relegated to the minor places after the 203 kilometers through the kent countryside from london .
two administration officials tell the ap chrysler s talks with creditors broke off after a small group refused to settle for about 30 cents on the dollar . that flashing light ?
"cageless dives put divers and sharks in close proximity , without a metal underwater cage protecting the diver ."
"garry lamar , 47 , was arrested friday and released on 200 bail ."
saudi arabia has yet to respond but it is believed olmert s call for a regional summit suggests the plan could at least form a basis for fresh negotiations .
the study calls for a large increase in foreign aid for health care services in developing countries .
iraq army brig . gen . qassim al moussawi said security forces were ready and prepared for any emergencies that might happen .
"authorities say the overabundant kangaroos are crowding out other native species , but many animal rights activists are against the killing of australia s beloved national symbol ."
"treasury secretary timothy geithner tells abc s this week that the us and other major economies will have to work together to solve the financial crisis , and any solution will not be a quick fix"
india s current crop of missiles have been largely intended to confront neighboring archrival pakistan .
"without mentioning rumsfeld s name , gates said some people have tried to divide the allies into categories such as east and west , north versus south ."
"speaking to reporters during her trip to the middle east , u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice called the long time president and his government a disgrace to the people of zimbabwe and a disgrace to southern africa and to the continent of africa as a whole ."
texts used to tackle south africa hiv crisis
two israeli soldiers have also been killed .
"lieberman , the chairman of the senate homeland security and governmental affairs committee , also wants youtube staffers to have a system that will prevent the video from reappearing ."
living in a cage in hong kong
prime minister john howard has said australians would be distressed by indonesia s release of a muslim cleric convicted over the 2002 bali bombings .
earlier yousuf had told reuters that patience was running out and said rebel prisoners must be freed by 0930 gmt on wednesday .
"during that time , prosecutors will evaluate the police investigation and determine whether to ask a judge to charge almeida ."
"stop to see how you re doing . pat yourself on the back if you re doing well , he said . and if you re not , figure out why so that you can revise your plan ."
"fighting broke out four days ago in north kivu province , which borders the frontiers with rwanda and uganda , and continued tuesday , said col . delphin kahindi , a top army commander responsible for the volatile province ."
"speaking at a company site in the united arab emirates , ceo thomas enders was quoted by a spokesman as acknowledging that reaching airbus goal of delivering four a380s per month by 2010 won t be easy ."
sen . john mccain said monday the tenor of the immigration debate has hurt the way hispanic voters view the republican party .
she did not know whether the bag was rigged to detonate .
such antagonism along the border has come and gone as tensions have ebbed and spiked on the korean peninsula since the 1950 53 korean war .
"u . s . officials have urged turkey not to send troops and appealed for a diplomatic solution with iraq . the kurdish region in northern iraq is one of the country s few relatively stable areas , and the kurds here are also a longtime u . s . ally ."
"i can t believe it . it is just frantic the way they are trying to push and pressure and bully all these superdelegates to come out , clinton said at a south dakota campaign stop sunday , in remarks first reported by abc news ."
it estimates some 28 million people will have died or been lost to the labor force by next year .
"afghanistan s upper house of parliament has passed a resolution calling for an amnesty for afghans accused of war crimes during a quarter century of fighting , an official said ."
"new photos showed the exposed bright substance present only in the top part of the trench , suggesting it s not uniform throughout the excavation site ."
the fbi has identified at least 2 . 5 million unsuspecting computer users who have been victims of so called botnet activity .
only eight percent of respondents said they are not worried and have no trouble sleeping .
most of the terrain east of kuiper had never before been photographed .
"in complete contrast , the tiny island republic of singapore , which generates a large variety of toxic wastes from its heavy engineering and manufacturing industries , has tough environmental laws ."
"palin empathizers say the alaska governor is merely trying to recover her good name after months of damage by the mainstream media , liberal bloggers and even high level members of the mccain campaign who grew publicly dissatisfied with their vp nominee as election day neared . but some political observers suggest that palin s ongoing"
"at the same time , competition from mcdonald s new coffee offerings and dunkin donuts u . s . expansion has heated up in recent months ."
the passenger list includes 13 korean names along with three czech tourists .
"uncle sam has told nine top banks it s buying preferred shares , and it s offered to do the same for 8 , 500 smaller ones ."
the cost of the troop increase could be significantly higher than what the administration has been saying in the press .
"at one point , the blaze trapped hundreds of residents in the building known as wenfu mansion ."
a spokesman for japan s whale hunt called greenpeace s actions illegal and demanded it stop its disruptive actions .
"but in another sense , what happened had as much suspense as a heavyweight title bout , and frost nixon sets up the interviews by showing two men on undesired paths ."
"but the two leaders will reaffirm their robust alliance to help south korea put an end to domestic disputes over the transfer issue , the officials said ."
"we will explore necessary countermeasures , including further strengthening all deterrents , the north s foreign ministry said in a statement ."
"obama s former partner in the senate , sen . dick durbin , d illinois , has also called on blagojevich to step down immediately ."
a limited trade deal has been reached in hong kong after developing countries approved a european union offer to end farm export subsidies by 2013 .
"there might be hesitancy and awkwardness or trying to cover up a lack of knowledge or things they ve forgotten , he said ."
"but chicago took the lead for keeps on andres nocioni s three pointer with 10 minutes to go and dominated the closing minutes , scoring the final eight points ."
"jeh , however , expressed concern that the governing camp could abuse the proposal by branding its opponents as war advocates ."
"hawass team has been excavating at the location for two years , but he said it was only two months ago when they determined the structure , with sides about 72 feet 22 meters long , was the base of a pyramid ."
"the militants had surveilled the area , set up a safehouse and were awaiting word from their superiors , he said ."
"the korea herald reports that riding a diehard boom in travel and study abroad , koreans overseas spending on these activities swelled 16 percent during the first seven months this year despite the prolonged depression for domestic consumption ."
"his body was brought to parliament to lie in state , and a funeral is scheduled for thursday ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"saakashvili resigned as president in november , leaving speaker of the parliament nino burjanadze to temporarily fill the post ."
nine south korean workers who were kidnapped by nigerian gunmen were released and are expected to arrive in seoul . we are all healthy .
"it makes a wide range of sports clothes , too , whereas three quarters of nike s and reebok s sales are from footwear ."
"it s all very exciting , he said , for a self described normal teen who spends a lot of time drawing ."
he said roh also believes germany is entitled to the membership if more seats are made available at the unsc .
"the league of american theatres and producers see it in terms of artistic freedom , hiring only the musicians they say they need ."
images taken by nasa s orbiting hubble space telescope allowed astronomers to detect this ring of dark matter created by the collision of two galaxy clusters 5 billion light years from earth .
six party talks will resume soon .
"about 140 homes were destroyed , damaged or deemed uninhabitable , cnn s rob marciano reported from suffolk ."
it was not immediately clear how the animals escaped .
didn t you used to be johnny depp ? that will be the clincher .
the palace was the third .
"the report confirms that we were right to be worried about iran seeking to develop nuclear weapons , and it also shows that the sanctions program and international pressure were having some effect , a spokesman for prime minister gordon brown said ."
"however , members of iraq s ruling shiite islamist bloc say many of the dead were civilians taking part in prayers ."
"currently , citizens from vwp countries complete a written form providing basic biographical , travel and eligibility information while en route to the u . s . and submit the forms to border officials on arrival ."
european union finance ministers agreed tuesday to raise the minimum guarantee for bank deposits across member states .
"women aren t afraid to go for the jugular , says christine gallagher , founder of revengelady . com and author of the woman s book of revenge"
prophets spoke to me
"another man died shortly after being shot in the head , while the third was shot in the leg ."
sky tg24 tv showed images of flames from what it said was a bus set on fire near the barracks .
"commercial hunting , civil unrest and habitat loss due to logging and forest clearance for palm oil plantations are compounding the problem , said the swiss based group known by its acronym iucn ."
"rowles is the only mccain sign on a street full of obama signs , he said ."
"the man , who was not identified , was treated onboard his charter boat for a deep cut to his calf muscle before being airlifted by helicopter to a hospital in the northern city of cairns ."
the fact that north korea is allowing south koreans to see the embarrassing foibles of its system shows its eagerness for economic help .
the cruise indoctrination video scientology tried to suppress is the title of gawker . com s presentation .
corporate factory farms dominate the farm landscape in the united states today .
flying with the flu ?
the new ceo will replace yahoo !
"iran is shiite , and we are shiite and we have many shiites in iraq , but this does not justify iran interfering in iraq ."
"the military spokesman said tips that come from iraqi citizens , including the one that led to the diyala raid , are a sign of the growing trust with the u . s . military ."
last wednesday s arrest was the second time in a week winehouse was questioned by police .
the story was carried by the pro opposition korea times .
a group of foreign businesses including chinese companies have started negotiations to acquire korean mid tier makers that are having a hard time financially .
new york cnn a public school in new york that will teach arabic language and culture opened tuesday amid accusations that it will impose a radical islamist agenda in its classrooms .
"just 320 , 000 chinese 1 . 5 percent of all overseas visitors traveled to the u . s in 2006 ."
russia s president vladimir putin is expected to voice concern over its eastward expansion russia has warned of a crisis if ukraine tries to join .
"the brainchild of new york architect steven holl , the mixed use unit is a ring of eight 21 story towers , linked at the 20th floor by gently sloping public sky bridges , lined with galleries , cafes , restaurants , bars and shops ."
"according to a new quinnipiac university poll , both democratic candidates beat mccain by a gap well outside the margin of error ."
"according to a statement from the workers , they are seeking the same pay and job security as the automaker s employees ."
"his screen credits also include hud , cool hand luke , the verdict and road to perdition ."
"but after ahmad black s interception , the gator tagged on the clinching score on tebow s 4 yard pass to david nelson ."
"first of all , we consider tibet an inalienable part of china , he said in an interview with china daily on sunday . if anyone is harboring or abetting the separatists , we condemn that ."
these countries have 90 days to take additional steps to combat trafficking or face penalties .
"there was no such disaster for chelsea , who gave avram grant his first win in control of the side , a comfortable 4 0 victory at hull ."
"having a u . s . military general control our forces is tantamount to giving up our constitutional right concerning the authority to command troops stipulated in the article 74 of the constitution , moon said at a forum at the national assembly yesterday ."
we do know more could be in danger
"it s not clear to me why i d be apologizing for someone else s remark , obama said , according to his press secretary , dan pfeiffer ."
"new congress , new work on stimulating the economy , starting today ."
"europeans in large part do not require a visa to come into this country , so purposefully recruiting an operative from europe gives them an extra edge into getting an operative or two or three into the country with the ability to carry out an attack that might be reminiscent of 9 11 , mcconnell said ."
"when police arrived he stabbed himself with a butcher knife , puncturing his aorta ."
"open only since may , heartland frequently has a 21 2 hour wait at midnight ."
let s check with correspondent julie walker .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"it refers to an imminent world where physical objects and beings , as well as virtual data and environments , all live and interact with each other in the same space and time ."
palestine and its people have been suffering from too much bitterness for almost a century now on the hands of the christians and the jews .
israeli prime minister ehud olmert says he is ready to negotiate peace with the palestinians but not until hamas rejects violence and recognizes israel .
"many voters from ethnic minorities indians and chinese who make up more than a third of the population , failed to turn out for the coalition ."
"in march , the british government announced the budget for building the olympic venues and regenerating east london had leapt to 9 . 3 billion pounds from the 3 billion pounds estimated in the bid documents . part of that new"
"the nll , drawn up by the u . s . led united nations command at the end of the 1950 53 korean war , has served as the de facto sea border between the two koreas . the joong ang ilbo reports chief of naval operations adm ."
"according to government statistics , there were 18 , 528 murders in 2004 more than 50 per day ."
the national general election poll of polls consists of four recent surveys
"the newspapers said there was no evidence to back up a series of articles they printed alleging the parents had a role in their daughter s disappearance or death . kate and gerry are completely innocent of any involvement in their daughter s disappearance , the newspapers wrote ."
"i think actually the evidence is that perhaps because a decision was made to wait , wait for the atomic bomb test , perhaps more lives may have been lost , as some historians have argued ."
it is a remarkable progress from last year s first round success when his team established just a single stem cell line by cloning the somatic cell of a healthy woman .
cnn jac holzman was in love with love .
british police do not name suspects unless they face charges
"iran s ambassador , hassan kazemi qomi , described the meeting as a success and said there were plans for future talks ."
that a new face doesn t guarantee a new job .
"live to the white house , an associated press correspondent mark smith"
mayor michael bloomberg said he hoped the change to the midtown manhattan display will inspire the tens of millions of new yorkers and tourists who see the tree every year .
the two met in the oval office for just over an hour .
"in fiscal year 2006 , japan provided grants and technical assistance totaling 26 . 1 million to myanmar , according to the latest ministry figures ."
"at least 50 , 000 protesters marched to bangkok s government house on sunday , chanting thaksin out !"
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the shoe intifada in iraq should not be overlooked easily , iran s islamic republic news agency reported ayatollah ahmad jannati as saying friday ."
"so if you re driving or cycling or walking through times square , and all of a sudden you re in a shower of confetti and you re thinkin , did i get the date wrong ?"
"they were in iran visiting family members or engaged in professional work , according to the u . s . state department and their relatives and employers ."
"fulbright invited the man to her apartment , then excused herself to shower , said police spokesman sgt . fabian pacheco ."
things aren t quite right and so we ve fixed the structural problems in the economy
"this type of activity will not be tolerated at cmu and we realize that we have much to do to continue our mission of raising awareness and educating everyone on diversity issues , president michael rao said in a news release ."
but the possibility of treasury intervention failed to reassure investors amid the ongoing credit crisis .
"the importance of beijing s readiness to take a constructive initiative is encouraging , not just for the korean peninsula , but for the wider region ."
economic shock gives rise to coupon cutting
"amid privacy concerns , thruvision chief executive clive beattie said the image produced by the camera did not reveal detailed anatomy ."
bolt gave credit to a big contingent of jamaicans who were in the crowd to watch his feat .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the big box stores back rooms provide a glimpse into the buying habits of rural shoppers from barrow on the arctic ocean , to the aleutian island fishing port of dutch harbor , to dozens of villages in the vast interior ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"barcelona were boosted by the return of argentina forward lionel messi , who started alongside samuel eto o up front , with thierry henry on the bench after also being cleared following an illness ."
"although the cult members have been exchanging letters with kuznetsov , they are mistrustful of his intervention because they believe he is acting under the influence of the russian government , guseynov said ."
"for parents , the internet can be like navigating a minefield ."
"according to skyonic ceo joe david jones , the system will be powered by waste heat from factories , and will produce food grade baking soda ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3128445
"al jabouri said iraqi troops , backed by the u . s . military , fought with insurgents for two hours across mosul , killing 15 of them and one saudi national ."
"this committee confirms that its precursor , the korea central intelligence agency kcia , undertook a kidnapping in japan , and expresses deep regret over this ."
"most leafy greens contribute folate , the b vitamin critical to red blood cell health and the reduction of neural tube birth defects like spina bifida ."
"all this money when he pretends to be the . . . president of all french people , she said on the tv station itele ."
"in shanghai , where the special olympics is taking place , the city government canceled vacations for flood control workers and was drafting plans to drain competition sites , the agency said ."
"krosa the cambodian word for crane killed five people saturday on taiwan as it knocked out power to 2 million homes and soaked the island , according to taiwan s disaster relief center ."
"on tuesday , candles flickered and burning incense wafted through the church ."
i think we re closer to the end of this than to the beginning .
barksdale quickly assembled his key people .
"the united states and egypt are pushing to hold a mideast peace conference to coordinate an israeli withdrawal from the gaza strip and advance an internationally backed peace plan , but israel s foreign minister said conditions were not yet ripe for such a meeting ."
"when i go to korea , i will buy you anything that you want to eat ."
"it was not immediately clear whether the suspect in the second case was a soldier or a civilian employee at the military s sprawling base in southern japan , where tens of thousands of troops are based ."
"james appathurai told reporters at a briefing that the move will help nato meet canada s requirement that it send more troops to the volatile southern province of kandahar , where canadian troops are based ."
"two people are dead , four others wounded , in a shooting at a high school graduation party at a mesa , arizona home ."
julio baptista scored the only goal of the game to give real madrid a 1 0 win at bitter rivals barcelona sending the champions seven points clear in the primera liga and ending the catalan side s 100 per cent home record this season .
"the number of people in the study was small , but adequate to see a difference between the groups . it was so significantly different , small said ."
"the train ride up there is spectacular . you see wonderful vistas as you leave denver through the northern plains and into the mountains , kristal kraft , a real estate agent in denver , says ."
"as milk tries to explain to his heterosexual colleague dan white josh brolin , this isn t about principles , it s about people s lives"
"the north has argued for pyongyang while japan wants to hold the negotiations in tokyo , he said ."
the opposition said it wants to use peaceful street protests to pressure the government to come to some sort of genuine power sharing deal with odinga .
"other tv winners included richard shepard for comedy directing on the pilot episode of ugly betty , jon cassar for drama directing for an episode of 24 , and chicago filmmaker rob marshall for musical variety directing for tony bennett"
"three rounds of six party talks were held in beijing , but ended without a breakthrough ."
"we are absolutely against putin s plan and his political course , because it leads us to the third world , said boris nemtsov , a russian opposition leader . it leads to abuse of power , lawlessness and bureaucracy , uncontrolled corruption ."
"that way , facebook doesn t have to default to their or the made up word themself , as it had been doing ."
gayle king oprah s bff told one of the women seated next to her that oprah was up until three in the morning writing her speech introducing obama .
"it has a second radio aboard that might be used instead , though reprogramming would be needed ."
"the paintings , worth millions of dollars , were recovered tuesday when a suspect led police to a house on the outskirts of sao paulo , said chief police inspector mauricio lemos freire ."
bush also repeated that solutions to the problem of global warming would be found through the development of new technologies .
"the production will open this winter at a theater and date to be determined , producer david binder announced monday ."
"when yoo showed up for his swearing in on april 29 , he was a cultural shock to many conservative lawmakers , especially those affiliated with the opposition grand national party , which controls the legislature ."
the clinton campaign would not indicate how much money it had raised in the same time period .
president bush signed the bill into law friday afternoon .
president robert mugabe said on wednesday that zimbabwe s military had rejected british encouragement to stage a coup and warned his government would press ahead with a price blitz that has left shop shelves empty .
"kim kwang kee of inje university , said about 59 out of 77 universities reported 234 cases of violence , 68 incidents of property damage and 35 traffic accidents due to the drunken behavior of students between 2002 and 2005 ."
"february natural gas fell 17 . 6 cents to settle at 7 . 674 per 1 , 000 cubic feet ."
"teams will be allowed one time out and the referee will brandish a blue card , which will send off errant players for a 5 minute suspension ."
"bear stearns clients and counterparties should feel secure that jpmorgan is guaranteeing . . . risk , he continued ."
"two goals in the space of four second half minutes by roman pavluchenko gave russia a crucial 2 1 victory over england in moscow , to put qualification from euro 2008 group e firmly in their own hands ."
the woman sitting across from me was estranged from her daughter .
and the second this month after an emergency cut on october 8
"land rover and jaguar are part of ford s premier auto group , which also includes volvo ."
"but different from what was suspected first , he did not serve as a marine nor have any experience at a special military unit or previous criminal record ."
"interstate 75 remained closed from valdosta , georgia , south to lake city , florida , said col . chris knight , director of the florida highway patrol ."
tuck s attorney harry kuehn said last week on cnn s nancy grace that tuck had been wracked by indecision as to what to do with the tape once he realized what it was .
but the ministry of defense said the explosion came from a bomb in a car parked near the bus .
"mainstream newspapers later criticized ohmynews , questioning whether it was ethical for a so called reporter to incite demonstrations ."
the meat from the program is sold as food .
one of the most impressive functions linked to the site is the climate change machine which allows users to peer into the recent past of changes that have happened to the climate including annual co2 emissions and average global temperatures rises .
"eddie bloomberg is staying at a shelter in santa barbara , but is still amazed at how quickly the wind has been spreading the fire"
there is speculation that he was killed by a us missile strike in the north waziristan area of pakistan this week .
"others say the move could send more music lovers to sites like walmart and amazon , which will still offer song downloads for less than a buck ."
"hong kong is the one place on earth where chinese can express themselves freely , he said , pointing to the 1989 government crackdown on the student led pro democracy demonstrations in beijing s tiananmen square ."
"in europe monday , the ftse 100 fell by 3 . 86 percent to 5 , 414 and the french cac 40 fell to 4 , 431 , losing 3 . 51 percent ."
"whoever could get down to 200 pounds first would be the winner , and the loser would have to mow the winner s yard in a dress ."
"perry , 45 , said the top bidder in the auction , ending thursday , will get more than 300 items including snowshoes , a futon , a bed , a village people album , seashells and more ."
the philippine authorities have been trying to flush abu sayyaf rebels from hideouts in remote island locations .
"they described the scene as chaotic , with some of the 460 students , ranging in age from 12 to 18 , breaking windows in an attempt to escape ."
"and i just want to say this , right now , that regardless of what they say about it , we are going to keep it , he added ."
"the guard , gabriel gines , 36 , was taken to hospital with burns to his face , right hand and shoulder , camacho said ."
washington correspondent brian thomas
"environmental activist dicaprio s documentary the 11th hour opens in theaters on friday , and although the film starts with a bleak outlook on issues like global warming , much of the roughly 90 minute movie suggests ways to heal the environment with human , government and corporate action ."
"police investigated him again the next month when a female student complained about instant messages cho sent her , flinchum said ."
"all of the four children were adopted from south korea with the names of ethan , seth , mira and eleanor ."
"ronaldo , who was runner up to kaka in the voting for european player of the year last week , took his goal tally for the season to 13 , and he has been on target in each of his last five matches ."
the korea times reports the ruling uri party on monday proposed an income tax cut by one percentage point and additional government spending of 5 . 5 trillion won next year in a policy bid to stimulate the economy .
"wang kexiong , of the institute of hydrobiology of the chinese academy of sciences , said experts at the institute had confirmed the footage was of a baiji ."
"barack obama delivering his first commencement address to a military academy , at annapolis this morning ."
"police questioned three people saturday over the bombing of benazir bhutto s caravan , which killed at least 136 people and shattered what was intended to be a triumphant return from exile ."
"jane fonda , activist , author and exercise guru , will be back on broadway in 2009 after an absence of more than four decades ."
kurt warner threw four td passes in arizona s 32 25 win over the eagles in the nfc championship .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"after sampling its wines , visitors can dine at palladio , barboursville s northern italian restaurant where chef melissa close uses local produce and regional ingredients , such as crab and rockfish from the chesapeake bay ."
"the incas entered and changed the form of the temple , as it initially had a more rustic architecture ."
"in this case , you ve got some detective work to do ."
that s our strength .
"because the rescue helicopter only had room for two , one of the apache pilots gave up his seat in the chopper to one of the kiowa pilots , and that apache pilot and the other kiowa pilot situated themselves outside the craft ."
a pc has an average lifecycle of just over two years .
the crowd applauded new york city bars and restaurants for donating prizes
seinfeld s producing an upcoming reality show where celebrities referee real couples arguments .
"in malaysia , villages along the coast of sabah state on borneo were also evacuated as part of the drill ."
"the sheriff s department said lauterbach s mother said that her daughter , of montgomery , ohio , had witnessed an incident at camp lejeune and was to testify about it ."
"what convinced me to send the case report was that a friend of mine , after playing wii sports suffered from a similar complaint , bonis told reuters in an e mail ."
"we are going to prove that you can t buy an election in the state of new hampshire and we are also going to prove that negative attack ads don t work either , mccain said monday in a jab at romney , his main rival according to state opinion polls ."
"abe , elaborating on his denial last week that women were forced to serve as frontline prostitutes , said none of the testimony in hearings last month by the u . s . house of representatives offered any solid proof of abuse ."
"his wife , jin jin sook , is said to have made a profit of more than 6 billion won buying and selling farm land ."
duch is the first of five suspects whom prosecutors have asked the tribunal to investigate over their role in the brutal khmer rouge regime .
"pakistan s president has agreed in principle to address the closing session of the current joint afghan pakistani meeting that he originally declined to attend , pakistan s foreign ministry said friday ."
"the scientists studied layers of sediment dated to 12 , 900 years ago at six north american locations , including one directly on top of a clovis site in murray springs , arizona ."
"in forming its squad , the democratic national committee was putting prominent faces behind the effort ."
"when i read the letters , i go back 90 years"
"i ve waited a long time for my neighbors to start coming home , she said , noting fewer than a third of the neighbors have moved back ."
"the contracts , which include firm orders for 78 airbus and 12 boeing airplanes as well as deals with engine manufacturers , are worth a total of us 23 . 4 billion , emirates said in a statement ."
interviews are nothing if not opportunities to drive yourself crazy .
"george tried to protect us by barking and rushing at them , but they started to bite him one on the head and the other on the back , rosewarne said . we ran off crying and some people saw what was happening and rescued george ."
thousands more patients would benefit if more donor hearts were available .
i ll never forget waking up with the locals on the italian riviera in the off season .
"the facility where the water leak occurred is the same one where the largest ever oil leak on the north slope occurred , last year ."
he said he would never send americans to fight in a war based on a lie .
landry said hawkins was placed at the center because of homicidal threats to his stepmother .
"it authorizes a 26 , 000 strong joint force from the african union and the united nations to replace the beleaguered 7 , 000 strong au mission now in darfur by december 31 ."
computer science and linguistics professors contacted by the associated press said they were unaware of who first used the symbol .
we ll get more information on this story in the hours ahead .
"andrew speaker will have surgery at the university of colorado hospital in suburban aurora , but the date has not been set ."
"he added , i have perhaps a predilection towards people of unusual or strange proportions , which i don t want to over indulge ."
"emergency aid has begun to reach survivors of saturday s earthquake in indonesia , as many people spent a third night without shelter ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the doubters said the fake was done so poorly that there is ample evidence of fraud , including a picture of astronauts planting the american flag that allegedly shows the flag rippling in the wind ."
the united nations says the swelling number of darfur refugees and other displaced people living in eastern chad is causing serious strain on the region .
"a canadian cruise ship struck submerged ice off antarctica and began sinking friday , but all 154 people on board , including americans and britons , took to lifeboats and were plucked to safety by another cruise liner ."
"the new chip will use a 50 nanometer technology to double the available storage in a space much less than twice the size . samsung electronics co . , the world s second largest chipmaker , announced that it is preparing for mass production of a 16 gigabit nand flash memory chip next year ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"otherwise , the iphone 3g shows few cosmetic changes from the front same display size and resolution , and the single home button sits just below the screen ."
"citi economists also expect many major central banks to ease policy in the coming months , including another interest rate cut of 100 basis points from the federal reserve ."
"over the past several months , many travelers who applied for a passport did not receive their document in time for their planned travel . i deeply regret that , says assistant secretary of state maura harty , who is in charge of passports for u . s . citizens ."
the russian woman leaves behind a small daughter from another relationship .
"peru , which tied paraguay 0 0 and was shut out by chile in its first two world cup qualifying matches last month , hasn t qualified for a world cup since 1982 ."
"texas is the biggest prize that day , with 193 democratic delegates up for grabs ."
"coming to america , airing july 16 ."
"singh will meet president hu jintao as well as prime minister wen jiabao and the communist party s second highest leader , wu bangguo ."
but us officials believe the payments comply with international trade rules .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the top u . s . negotiator for the north korea nuclear dispute will visit washington and tokyo this week to seek ways to lure pyongyang back to the negotiating table , the u . s ."
"with 4 , 000 american lives lost and thousands injured , many of them permanently , americans are asking how much longer must our troops continue to sacrifice for the sake of an iraqi government that is unwilling or unable to secure its own future , said pelosi , d california ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"him sarun said the crash site is thought to be between kamchay and bokor mountains in kampot province , about 130 kilometers 80 miles southwest of the capital , phnom penh ."
kerry said bush should immediately call a special session of congress to implement the recommendations of the sept .
"the heart group is now recommending a thorough exam , including a family history and an ekg , before children are put on the drugs to make sure that they don t have any undiagnosed heart issues ."
"london , england cnn the sole survivor of the crash that killed princess diana has told a court he still cannot remember the incident but does not support the conspiracy theories surrounding it ."
"the two envoys are expected to sign the trade pact later in the day , a deal would allow direct shipping links across the taiwan strait and would further expand the number of weekly passenger flights from 36 to 108 ."
dlamini said the event was peaceful and there had been no arrests .
"it s just another day at work for the 40 year old man , who has been disposing of the bodies of three or four children , rich and poor , in the polluted waters of the yamuna or in the equally dirty river bank every day for the past decade ."
the results of a public opinion poll constitute the remaining 20 percent .
the bush administration signaled thursday that it may not be able to reach an agreement with north korea on its nuclear program before president bush leaves office next month but said it will continue to try .
"cyprus packs a huge amount of monuments in such a small space , said vakis loizides , a tourist officer at the cyprus tourism organization cto . the island s special relationship with saints , like lazarus and helen , make it very attractive ."
"after appearing in a handful of broadway productions in the 1950s , pollack turned his eye to directing ."
"today , the board of health passed a regulation that will help new yorkers make healthier choices about what to eat"
"wen , 61 , was appointed on march 16 and took office immediately , taking charge of an economy that is jerking forward in fits and starts after two decades of economic restructuring started by the late deng xiaoping ."
"the consitutional court also banned at least one of the people power party s ruling coalition partners , effectively dismantling the government over allegations of vote rigging ."
"today to qualify as rich you need 1 million in annual income , or 10 million in net worth ."
"if you can see the object , you can go in after it ."
"austrian police have uncovered a massive child pornography ring on the internet , tracking downloads of sexually violent material to more than 2 , 300 people in 77 countries , a government official said ."
"the korea times reports seoul stocks extended their steep loss , plunging below the 1 , 600 mark , following a bear stearns shock that smashed shares on wall street last friday ."
"the 15 and 16 year old boys killed in the sunday evening wreck were both sons of african immigrants , police said ."
"troops recuperating from wounds they suffered in iraq and afghanistan were discovered to be living in substandard conditions in building 18 , an adjunct structure at walter reed that was once a hotel ."
al maliki also addressed his government s position toward militias and troop levels in his country .
"the ministry said yesterday its new regulations would make smoking in any such building with a floor area of more than 1 , 000 square meters 10 , 000 square feet illegal ."
it s a point that obama agrees with .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"terrorism and healthcare rounded out the top four , garnering 9 each ."
"in a nationally televised address , karamanlis suggested the blazes might have been deliberately set by political extremists ahead of next month s national elections . the fires have placed a damper on campaigning ."
"south korean soldiers stationed in the northern iraqi town of irbil are keeping a low key posture so as not to provoke islamic rebels , a ministry official said . seoul went on high alert for possible terrorist attacks over the weekend and a close associate of al qaida leader osama bin laden purportedly called for attacks on the united states and its allies , including south korea ."
the bank of korea estimates that private sector trade
green buses will travel shorter distances than blue ones and will be used to connect to blue buses and subway stations .
"that s the bottom line , said the study s lead author , dr . alexander wagenaar , a professor at the university of florida s department of epidemiology and health policy research . the tax increase caused some reduction in consumption of alcohol ."
that s about half the genes the rodents have .
"senators approved the same resolution on tuesday by a 50 16 majority , nekpai said ."
researchers will visit michigan s upper peninsula next month to search for evidence of the legendary creature known as bigfoot or sasquatch .
"the show is huge , with about 2 , 700 exhibitors crowded into the 1 . 8 million square foot exhibit space ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
he served as a television commentator during several of the apollo moon missions and co wrote a 1970 account of the first lunar landing with the apollo 11 crew .
"i pray that the inherent moral sensibility of the korean people , as evidenced by their rejection of human cloning and related procedures , will help attune the international community to the deep ethical and social implications of scientific research and its utilization , the pontiff said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the idea of iran having a nuclear weapon is dangerous and therefore now is the time for us to work together to diplomatically solve this problem , he added ."
"a third candidate , jana bobosikova , was nominated by the communist party but dropped out of the race shortly before the voting began , citing lack of support ."
"it is scheduled to conduct its survey in mid july , although kim ok soo , a chief survey planner , said the date the ship actually enters disputed territory will depend on weather conditions ."
i have a lot of friends over there .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the countries relations further soured after the north s nuclear test .
the united nations has said somalia is facing the worst humanitarian crisis in africa .
"last month , gambari met with myanmar s military junta leadership , as well as suu kyi , who has been detained off and on since 1989 after her national league for democracy won the country s first free multiparty elections but the military junta refused to hand over power ."
that agency has already begun placing limits on the use of water .
"in sri lanka , where the death toll reached 3 , 500 , corpses drifted in floodwaters , while thousands fled their homes and cars floated out to sea ."
his administration has been embroiled in controversy since reaching an agreement with washington in april to allow american beef back into the country after a five year ban imposed amid concerns of mad cow disease .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"with over 17 billion in revenue for the first half of our fiscal year , we have strong momentum to launch some terrific new products in the coming quarters , jobs said in a statement ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
takei has appeared on nbc s heroes and appears regularly on howard stern s satellite radio show .
ground zero for astral travelers is the dusty hamlet of rachel .
"following election authorities ruling that roh violated election laws by making an official pitch for the uri party , the grand national party and the millennium democratic party both demanded roh make an official apology ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
a boy held at a nazi concentration camp during world war ii and a girl on the outside who tossed him apples to keep him alive .
"in january , the humane society of the united states accused hallmark westland of abusing downed cattle , releasing video that showed workers kicking cows , jabbing them near their eyes , ramming them with a forklift and shooting high intensity water up their noses in an effort to force them to their feet for slaughter ."
foreign minister song min soon on wednesday described the ongoing efforts to dismantle north korea s nuclear weapons program as fragile .
"we only found the effect for attraction , so males don t rate females in red as more intelligent , more likable , or as having a better personality they only rate her as sexier and more attractive , he says ."
a bomb blew off both his legs above the knee .
police officials declined to comment except to say they would issue a statement later in the day .
ibm selected intel s 8088 processor for the system chiefly because it was the only 16 bit processor available that had an 8 bit bus .
"details of the visit , including protocol , will be discussed at working level meetings between the two sides , he said ."
"i am far more energized for this election , wible , a pennsylvania voter , said after completing his ballot at the u . s . consulate in the southern chinese city ."
"eva longoria , minus new hubby tony parker , comedian drew carey , nba star kevin garnett , movie producer brian grazer , gov . arnold schwarzenegger and english actors john hurt and ray winstone also made what were likely their first trips to carson , a downright gritty suburb compared to the stars usual haunt of beverly hills ."
"ma describes it as a musical party , a collection of good time collaborations with musical buddies , james taylor and diana krall among them ."
a widely expected move that allows him to avoid strict spending limits and take advantage of an unprecedented grass roots fund raising haul .
korea to double african aid by . . .
a colored man s reminiscences of life in the white house .
"bush says the step which follows similar moves by u . s . allies is limited and temporary , adding he is confident it will help get markets working again ."
"with this ratio of classics per square meter , it s impossible to see everything in one visit so don t try ."
he and his wife visited their younger daughter sasha at the private sidwell friends school .
kinney said she chooses coffee bars and intersections because they are places where she can find a captive audience
the value of all goods and services produced in the u . s .
"ap high over texas and just short of home , space shuttle columbia fell to pieces , raining debris over hundreds of miles of countryside ."
"zoe s ark leader eric breteau testified saturday to a court in the chadian capital that the three journalists and the flight crew of seven spaniards and a belgian were not involved in the alleged plot , court witnesses told cnn ."
"otherwise , tv watching will become impossible for those with the older sets ."
"kotra and the ministry of commerce , industry and energy have worked together since 2004 to improve some of the weak areas with which foreigners had trouble , said yoo ye jin , an assistant manager of the investment services team at kotra , referring to the one stop investor support center , korean language classes and financial services ."
"to commemorate the 1997 return of chinese sovereignty , a uniformed band played patriotic music earlier tuesday and helicopters dragged the chinese and hong kong flags through the sky as government leaders , including chinese premier wen jiabao , stood at silent attention ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"each sent pcm message has the words please call me , the phone number of the caller , and space for an additional 120 characters ."
"the children from mogadishu have seen dead people in the streets , wounded people in the streets , said ibrahim haji , a counselor for the aid group world vision somalia ."
"that s white house domestic policy chief melanie barnes , who says obama seeks a bipartisan effort ."
communist china has denied reports that its military hacked into the computer network of the us department of defense in washington .
"chandra declined to name any specific programs , but said sexual content is pretty pervasive ."
therefore they must have been constructed long before our earth was covered by ocean waters .
a front page article in the financial times yesterday reporting that the bank of korea had decided no longer to intervene in foreign currency markets jolted trading in the korean won and led the bank to issue a quick statement to clarify the story .
south korea s yonhap news agency said a mushroom cloud up to 4 km in diameter was seen after the blast in an area near missile bases in ryanggang province in the remote northeast near the border with china .
"kathmandu , nepal cnn 8212"
"in a surprise upset , malaysia s ruling party , which has retained power since the nation declared independence in 1967 , fell short of a two thirds majority saturday amid rising inflation , crime and ethnic tensions ."
a teenage survivor said a fishing boat rescued her as she swam toward shore .
"i m at least 40 minutes into my flight glass of white wine in one hand , book in the other when it suddenly dawns on me that this is no ordinary vacation"
"the main agenda will focus on the implementation of the shutdown of nuclear facilities in yongbyon , which north korea promised to do under a february agreement in the six party talks ."
"along with the dozen killed , at least 35 others were wounded in the blast tuesday , hospital sources said ."
"over 10 , 000 fans thronged the streets surrounding the club s sanchez pizjuan stadium where a funeral chapel was installed in the early hours of wednesday morning to honor the 22 year old player ."
"so , in this case , can a rabbit ."
"the deadline for potential presidential candidates to quit their elected party leadership posts is june 18 , a year and a half before election day ."
the head of vietnam s ruling communist party will visit seoul this week amid burgeoning bilateral trade and investment from which south korea has emerged as the biggest foreign investor in the communist state .
"barton was arrested at his sydney home in june last year during a series of raids in which police seized some 250 , 000 ecstasy tablets worth around 15 million australian dollars us 13 million 8 . 9 million ."
superdelegates will be closely monitoring clinton s financial situation to assess her continued viability .
lee is among a dwindling number of comfort women still alive .
recovery and reuse of wastes is encouraged as this reduces the amount disposal .
"the french hostages said on the tape that they were told that if there isn t a positive response on the part of french authorities to what the taliban is asking , then they will be killed within a matter of days , burman said . he said he did not know what those demands are ."
"under the 13 february deal signed by the two koreas , japan , china , russia and the us the north agreed to shut down and seal its yongbyon reactor within 60 days in return for aid ."
"the shooting at new life church came about 12 hours after a shooting at a missionary training center in arvada , outside denver , left two people dead and two wounded ."
his comments on the middle east issue before his departure for washington were far more critical of israel than the ones he delivered on wednesday .
"but , abe s remark appears to be only an effort to deflect u . s . criticism over comments he made last month that there was no proof the government or the military had forced the women , many of them korean , to serve japanese soldiers in the brothels ."
abe infuriated the international community in march when he said there was no evidence the women were forced into sex slavery .
in its early years favorite movie honors went to the sting and one flew over the cuckoo s nest
in the first live sighting in more than 80 years of a creature that some thought was extinct .
"the raid will help facilitate sunni resistance fighting in the muqdadiya area as the people have grown tired of the destruction al qaeda offers , he said ."
the giants say they have been in contact with burress since the shooting .
his performance also earned him a golden globe nomination thursday .
"from st . peter s in rome to st . paul s in london , i find churches offer a more genuine welcome first thing in the morning ."
"the result is a massive rebuke of the military , which has tried to curb thaksin s influence ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
after the final whistle in their 1 0 defeat of heavily favored saudi arabia .
"dated december 2004 , the paper discusses korean concerns about that proposal . the document is somewhat at odds with the administration s public statements about the matter ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"he s also different in this movie , because he just lost a woman he loved , and uh , he s not really thinking about , you know , getting into another relationship , because he s in pain ."
"as deputy secretary of state , zoellick was chief aide to condoleezza rice between february 2005 and june last year ."
"there are 24 mre menus , and italian , mexican and vegetarian meals are represented ."
he said there was still a risk of collision in the 2071 73 time frame .
scientists think that the virus might have jumped to humans when the blood of an infected chimpanzee came in contact with the blood of a bush meat hunter during the killing or butchering of the animal .
"the national tax service says it is carrying out tax audits of six foreign funds , including the carlyle group and lone star funds , to check for possible tax evasion ."
"in a statement sunday , richardson said he asked obama not to move forward with his nomination now ."
"in response to mass protests in 2003 and 2004 , beijing made some concessions , namely offering to enlarge the 800 strong election committee charged with selecting a new leader ."
the other possibility was that tidbit had conceived without needing a male at all .
"the cult leader is in police custody awaiting proceedings on charges that he set up an organization whose activity is associated with violence on citizens and instigation to refuse to perform their civil duties , according to the state funded itar tass news agency ."
he was responding to the conservative grand national party gnp s cynical view of the summit .
the heightened public interest generated by the film and the controversy surrounding it is likely to increase the reaction to what happens in iraq
"and deep inside the body , where tissue doesn t feel lasting pain , the procedures themselves might be less traumatic ."
"she and obama are now dead even at 47 percent among likely democrats , according the newly released numbers from gallup ."
there has been a severe lack of rain and snow on the east coast of the united states .
"the last two floods already caused a lot of hardship , disaster official vo thanh tien said . now another one is coming ."
"while most republican contests are winner take all , most democratic contests are awarded proportionally based on the number of congressional districts won ."
"auryn , just go to obama s world , says another avatar , marss juran ."
followers of the movement say they have proof that their minister is divine and that their church will one day soon be a major faith in the world .
"a candidate needs 2 , 025 to clinch the democratic nomination ."
"it added , we declare that we will not be bound to the cease fire treaty ."
"meanwhile , one of chavez s two ex wives urged venezuelans to reject the slate of proposed constitutional changes that would greatly expand his executive power ."
a survey released wednesday by the cbos institute found that 81 percent of poles oppose the military mission in iraq .
"apple this morning says it s not a recurrence of pancreatic cancer , but a hormone imbalance ."
"he bank of korea may invest a portion of its foreign currency reserve in blue chip shares in overseas stock markets to increase returns , the bank of korea governor lee seong tae said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"instead , schiller introduced upgrades to apple s ilife and iwork software suites , unveiled a 17 inch unibody macbook pro with a more powerful battery , and announced tweaks to itunes 99 cents per song pricing model ."
"the all boy hansamm institute is one of dozens of cram schoolsproliferating in areas around seoul where the pupils study hour after hour , preparing to clear a hurdle that will determine their future college entrance exams ."
"first time i played him , he totally dismantled me . showed i had a lot of things to work on ."
"the new president appointed leftists to some key positions in the government he unveiled on friday , a move designed to portray him as an open and inclusive leader and boost the right s support in the looming legislative battle ."
"william hazzard , a professor of medicine at university of washington in seattle ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"as an american , i cannot stand it ."
"the votes are being seen as a key test for the government of president roh moo hyun , increasingly unpopular as it approaches its final year in office ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the team is particularly interested in the grevy s zebra , an endangered species whose numbers have dropped to only about 2 , 000 ."
we regret to report that the patient antonio puerta died at 14 30 12 30 gmt today .
"hundreds of students from an islamic seminary attached to the mosque have been running an anti vice campaign in islamabad , threatening music shops and brothels , in a bold challenge to president gen . pervez musharraf , a u . s . ally who has pledged to promote moderate islam ."
secretary general don mckinnon said pakistan was being suspended pending restoration of democracy and the rule of law .
"last summer , eu ministers expressed misgivings about parts of the program , and it is possible that traveling to one of those countries may involve answering more questions and a different and possibly confusing application process ."
"clearly losing on penalties after working so hard doesn t leave us happy , italy coach roberto donadoni told the associated press . we all spent a lot of energy ."
digg . com was was ranked as one of the top 100 web sites by the internet information company alexa that analyzes user traffic .
law enforcement officials say the man accused in the craigslist killing had items belonging to the victim in his boston apartment .
uefa could choose to stringently penalize marseille as european football s governing body looks to clamp down on fans misbehavior .
our inspectors are there .
svalbard is designed to store duplicates of seeds from seed collections around the world .
"chinese premier wen jiabao , whose swift appearance at disaster sites has made him one of the nation s most popular figures and earned him the nickname grandpa wen , now has a profile on facebook ."
roh clarified that korea won t allow usfk to be involved in any dispute in northeast asia .
flying with the flu ?
"our customers can rest assured that their mercedes will also in the future meet the most stringent requirements in terms of safety , comfort and effortless superiority , and that they will do so with exemplary green credentials , said daimlerchrysler chief executive dieter zetsche ."
"during the trial , brancato said there was not a break in ."
"seoul mayor oh se hoon said wednesday that the launch of the center will make seoul a truly global city . named the seoul global center , it began initial services on jan ."
"police brought the situation under control but then bulgaria fans whistled during the playing of the italian anthem and italian fans burned bulgarian flags , the ansa news agency reported ."
"an autopsy was conducted monday in the bahamas on the body of the couple s son , jett travolta ."
sandra andersen only knew ausnes as her upbeat morning customer who always ordered a short cup of coffee .
"flying from kennedy space center in cape canaveral , florida , the jet creates the experience of microgravity in 25 second bursts"
had a debut album neatly tied with a bow .
obama has criticized countrywide in connection with the subprime mortgage crisis .
"a witness at the scene saw the person on the bicycle , but couldn t tell the sex or race because the individual was wearing a hooded jacket that covered most of the face , kelly said ."
"and a man with no formal training , no license and no office practiced dentistry for nearly 30 years in malaysia ."
that s music to the chief s ears
nielsen media research says preliminary ratings for the 80th annual academy awards telecast are 14 percent lower than the least watched ceremony ever .
"several biologists caught fleeting glimpses of about 15 or 20 tonkin snub nosed monkeys in a remote area near the chinese frontier , the wildlife conservation group fauna flora international said thursday . the bizarre looking monkeys"
"baghdad , iraq cnn dozens of people picking up cylinders of cooking gas were victims of a suicide car bomb attack tuesday morning in the northern iraqi city of baiji ."
"first get everything up off the floor , store the things that warrant it and trash the things that don t ."
"in 1977 , the zoo began preserving cells and genetic material from hundreds of animals in a program it dubbed the frozen zoo ."
bhutto said more than a million people will gather in karachi on thursday to welcome her back .
"the party wants independence for french speaking quebec , canada s second most populous province with 7 . 5 million people ."
"julio grondona , head of the argentine fa , had led the search for a successor to alfio basile who quit after a qualifying defeat to chile that left the nation in third place after 10 matches , seven points adrift of leaders paraguay ."
we will honor him in our thoughts .
a us military spokesman in iraq major general william caldwell said it was premature to conclude that the threat posed to aircraft by insurgents had dramatically increased .
palomino said his own parents were among them .
"webb took second and creamer , who spent saturday night in the hospital because of an inflamed abdominal wall , finished tied for third with seon hwa lee after both shot 74s ."
federer told officials at the kooyong classic on monday that he became ill after arriving in australia last friday from his training base in dubai .
sunday s attack has raised the prospect of a major turkish military incursion into northern iraq targeting the kurdish separatists .
"we re a little under three months away , now , and the first distant rumblings of the weirdness that usually precedes a harry potter publication can be heard on the horizon , rowling wrote on her web site monday ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"sri lanka s air force intensified bombing raids on rebel positions monday after a suicide attack killed a cabinet minister and 14 others , military officials said ."
"history with a capital h is going to be made this november , no matter who the president elect is . i want barack obama to be president of this country , a country that once said people with his skin color were only three fifths of a human being ."
it will be the first time inspections have been allowed at yongbyon since un monitors were expelled in 2002 . pyongyang has agreed to close the reactor in exchange for energy aid .
chung s attorneys argued before the three judge panel that he should receive a suspended sentence meaning no prison time citing health problems and the potential impact on south korea s economy if he were to again be sidelined from management .
a roundabout effort to bring some holiday cheer to the police ?
rooney double as england see off belarus
"he adds , i get the plumb jobs ."
flying with the flu ?
"the serbs had been told very clearly as early as sunday night that the u . n . forces would move in to take control , he said ."
"the players involved in what was intended to be a light hearted sketch were trundled off to the police station for questioning after reports emerged that the play insulted korea and koreans , which turned out to be inaccurate ."
"officials familiar with the agenda of the friday meeting said vice president dick cheney , secretary of state condoleezza rice , defense secretary robert gates , attorney general alberto gonzales , homeland security chief michael chertoff , national intelligence director mike mcconnell and joint chiefs of staff chairman gen . peter pace were expected to attend ."
"columns of smoke rose over gaza city , while israeli tanks cruised along the edges of gaza ."
"kidman , who disguised her face with prosthetics for the role , said she was just glad the hours was made into a film ."
"he was pushed into a scuffle with dlp members who wore huge masks of lee kun hee and hong seok hyun , holding a banner , shouting arrest hong seok hyun , arrest lee kun hee !"
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
living in a cage in hong kong
"the clear , shallow water of grand cayman s north sound teems with southern stingrays ."
"saying it is one thing and doing it is another , said dorian traube , a professor of social work at university of southern california ."
air berlin did not announce an engine supplier for its 787s .
heroes is a key word here
his comments came the same day the clinton showed signs she plans to press on after tuesday s contests 8212
"he added , we are doing everything we can in order to seriously negotiate and reach a peace that would be satisfactory to both the palestinian side and the israeli side , a peace that would be promoted throughout the world ."
optimism at the visit has been dampened by reports that a planned trip by un nuclear inspectors may not go ahead .
"i have been pursued many times , kidman said . i have had this happen in relation to this particular man . . . so many times ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"researchers can now give various proteins and cells different colors , enabling them to follow different biological processes at the same time , the foundation said ."
"the united states is venezuela s biggest customer for the oil rich nation s petroleum products , importing about 1 . 4 million barrels of oil per day from venezuela , according to the u . s . department of energy ."
"walker , 45 , is one of a growing number of single men both gay and straight"
"falwell , who died last week aged 73 , was the founder in the 1970s of the moral majority a right wing religious pressure group ."
"kerviel , 31 , is implicated in what may be the largest securities fraud case against an individual ."
"kelly also faces a life sentence if convicted , and smith county prosecutors hope for another swift verdict ."
"the casualties were the most serious suffered by the au mission since it arrived in 2003 , an au statement said ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
prices edged higher on monday on concerns about heating oil supplies and after an opec official said there is no need for the cartel to pump more oil .
"some competitors dress in blue two piece outfits for a belly dancing routine . one , dressed in black with a red flower in her hair , did a spanish dance ."
"siddique added that even though music was repressed , it wasn t forgotten ."
"bratislaw grubacic , chief editor of vip magazine in belgrade , said police reported 32 people injured , including 14 police officers . teresa gould , a translator for belgrade tv , said the croatian embassy next door also was attacked ."
"powerful shiite cleric muqtada al sadr called for the demonstration , which najaf police said included tens of thousands of protesters ."
"the presidential vehicle is built to precise and special specifications , undergoes extreme testing and development , and also incorporates many of the top aspects of cadillac s regular cars"
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"if he actually does have to go to jail it will cause some problems for hyundai , said yun ."
"another resident , lal mohammad , told the associated press on saturday that the fighters in musa qala were being led by gafoor , the hardline militia s corps commander in western afghanistan during the taliban regime ."
"fifty four percent of those questioned in a cnn opinion research corp . survey conducted after the debate ended said that obama did the best job in the debate , with 30 percent saying sen . john mccain performed better ."
"uganda is also to be commended for its contribution to peacekeeping in somalia , which is a tribute to the courage and professionalism of uganda s armed forces , the 81 year old monarch told the ugandan parliament ."
the photos were published by the washington post .
the two leading presidential contenders from the main opposition grand national party are on a collision course over the rules to pick the party s standard bearer in the december 19 presidential election .
"speaking after the meeting , abe told reporters that , japan and china shared the view that a north korean nuclear test is unacceptable ."
that was peterson s attorney joel brodsky on the cbs early show .
another award is made for economics .
"organizers estimated that 3 , 000 people attended the vigil on thursday night ."
"when asked , he said he had no problem allowing a dna expert to review the samples ."
"the korea times reports the nine member panel unanimously ruled two clauses of article 7 of the security law , which prohibits south koreans from praising the north korean regime and carrying materials , which may benefit the communist country , are not against the constitution ."
"that action included 967 , 000 toys sold in the united states between may and august ."
"speaking on wednesday , lebanon s defense minister elias murr said the fatah al islam militant group has two choices either surrender or face decisive military action ."
you ll see barack obama s face all over the tube tonight
"for the movie version of these bedridden travel notes , schnabel who rose to fame in the 80s as a painter also decided to take flight . ."
"a high ranking north korean official expressed strong discontent over the south s lackluster attitude toward the kaesong industrial complex , just north of the demilitarized zone dmz ."
seoul stocks rose to a record high yesterday on heavy foreign buying buoyed by the news that moody s investor service has placed korea on review for a possible rating upgrade .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"baghdad , iraq cnn u . n . secretary general ban ki moon ducked in surprise when an explosion rattled baghdad s green zone on thursday where he was delivering a televised news conference with iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki ."
"topshop reportedly paid the catwalk queen some 6 million to design the sequined tops , skinny jeans and flower print dresses for the masses ."
"in return for playing the role , new line cinema offered the scottish actor up to 15 percent of worldwide box office receipts , which would have earned connery more than any actor had ever been paid for a single role"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"large numbers of civilians have been fleeing two neighborhoods in the northeastern part of the capital where the fighting has been taking place , witnesses reported , joining a population of displaced somalis that aid groups estimate already tops 1 million ."
"before the governing council met on thursday , futures markets showed a two in three chance of a september rise in ecb rates to 4 . 25 percent , with some betting the ecb will wait until october ."
"surrounded by family members , sen . edward kennedy left a massachusetts hospital wednesday morning , a day after his doctors announced that he has a malignant brain tumor ."
critics said the tragedy revealed problems with the nation s emergency response system and a potential vulnerability to terrorism .
"fake profiles abound , however , with dozens for president bush and a handful for mother teresa ."
"the ruling uri party and the defense ministry confirmed on sunday that the government plans to reduce some 1 , 000 soldiers from iraq , saying reports that came out friday were mostly accurate ."
"i believe that what we are doing , it is in the interest of the palestinians , it is in the interest of the lebanese , siniora said . watch lebanese pm fouad siniora say the army are not killers"
draft likely to be reduced
"the south korean government is seeking to freeze , not reduce the country s payments for maintaining u . s . forces on the peninsula , a government official said yesterday ."
becoming the first tour winner to be stripped of his title .
"hawking , 65 , who has lou gehrig s disease , will be the first person with a disability to fly on one of the flights offered by zero gravity corp . , a space tourism company ."
the soviet union in the 1930s experienced a wave of politically motivated killings and purges of the government and communist party orchestrated by josef stalin s secret police .
"they are told stop at nothing , even meds or plastic surgery , to ensure their dolls win ."
"most foreign workers are employed in the manufacturing , petroleum and construction sectors and as household help , the report said ."
"schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency in los angeles and ventura counties , and local officials have urged president bush to issue a federal disaster declaration ."
chances of pitching again seem more likely after the operation .
"the body , whose age at time of death is estimated at between 45 and 50 years old , was found by two german mountaineers in a glacier on the italian austrian border ."
"yes , there are those 10 point polls out there , but our latest ap gfk survey shows john mccain and barack obama running almost even among likely voters and a veteran political reporter says the democrat doesn t have a lock on this ."
"a perfect time to catch up on novels , watch cheesy movies , and drink hot chocolate with marshmallows ."
"in china , land use rights are distinct from land ownership"
living in a cage in hong kong
"ling baoheng and wu hongmei , from the state assets supervision and administration commission , are being questioned , the associated press says ."
"on wednesday , assemblyman jose rivera of the bronx introduced a resolution in the state legislature to generate standards to protect the health of teenage models and entertainers , ap reported ."
we are not going to simply write a bunch of checks and let them be spent without some very clear criteria as to how this money is going to benefit the overall economy and put people back to work . we re not going to be making decisions on projects simply based on politics and
"there is still a lot of work that needs to be done . there is no definitive consensus over whether these programs are as beneficial as people would like to think they are , says dr . mark mapstone , associate professor of neurology at the university of rochester medical center in new york ."
"the dalai lama , who won the nobel peace prize in 1989 , has spoken out against violence and denied fomenting the unrest ."
"the kurdistan workers party , known as the pkk , has fought turkish troops in the country s heavily kurdish southeast for decades ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"he told ministers he planned to present the measure to two knesset committees , which must approve the action ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
business generated by its 24 hour number equals that of 30 full service branches .
but our position that japan cannot provide support without a resolution of the abduction issue is unchanged .
damaging moais is punishable under a law protecting national monuments .
a manila based radio station on sunday aired a telephone message from one of the hostages held by armed men in nigeria that they were being beaten up and deprived of food .
officials shut off the road at the kilauea military camp toward the jaggar museum and observatory . only volcano employees were allowed inside that part of the park .
"the past decade was the lost 10 years , lost under an inept government , he said , blatently criticizing former president kim dae jung and his successor roh moo hyun ."
yunosuke s customer from the nightclub agrees .
"president robert mugabe s ruling zanu pf party has lost control of the lower house of parliament , according to results released wednesday by zimbabwe s electoral commission ."
with john mccain s complete set of pork knives they cut the pork out !
"and shame in watching the bodies get ripped apart and mutilated , a grave sin in islam ."
"in effect , an automaker that files for chapter 11 could eventually wind up going out of business anyway ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"mccain turned 72 in august , which would make him the oldest man to begin a first term as president"
"sharif called it the saddest day in pakistan s history . something unthinkable has happened , he said ."
council member gail brewer wants fashion houses to ban any model with a body mass index of less than 18 . 5 the cutoff for the world health organization s definition of normal .
italian airline alitalia canceled more flights wednesday amid a protest action by pilots and flight attendants .
film crew members accused the assembly of rejecting their request because the actress was playing a prostitute elected to parliament .
national oil company saudi aramco said the fire broke out just after midnight while contract workers were linking a new pipe to the line during maintenance work .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"speaking at a faa nasa industry airport planning workshop in 2006 , evans suggested that pilots of the future could fly without hands and from the comfort of their own home using brain machine interfaces , in which the human brain actually exchanges electronic signals with a computer ."
"he said armed people dressed as soldiers in civilian vehicles should be treated as terrorists . u . s . and iraqi troops have been fighting insurgents in operation arrowhead ripper in and around baquba , the capital of diyala the eastern province northeast of baghdad ."
"another resident , lal mohammad , told the associated press on saturday that the fighters in musa qala were being led by gafoor , the hardline militia s corps commander in western afghanistan during the taliban regime ."
are victims of some type of sexual exploitation every year .
"in scotland , travelers were also warned to check before home if they were flying south ."
"in an effort to isolate iran diplomatically , britain has appealed for support from both the european union and u . n . security council ."
"the white house , which had backed wolfowitz , said president george w bush reluctantly accepted his decision ."
injured alex rodriguez was not in the new york yankees lineup tuesday night against the chicago white sox .
the bbc reports least 20 other people died in the attack and several more were injured .
"bhutto also is calling for a massive rally on friday , but a spokesman for musharraf s government warned that such a demonstration is outlawed under the emergency measures ."
"in fact , leung refused to take a lie detector test ."
"officials in crown king , a former mining community in the center of the state , are evacuating residents as the fire approaches homes and businesses ."
"it s surprisingly close to what we expected and that s what surprises me most , said peter smith , the mission s principal investigator ."
"if the judges decide to reward five winning ideas , each will receive 2 million ."
"staff at some of britain s busiest airports have voted to stage three strikes in the new year , their union said friday ."
uefa is currently investigating an incident where a cigarette lighter hit steven gerrard during the liverpool marseille champions league clash at anfield .
the son of an arab monarch is taking the king of pop to court over an album and an autobiography michael jackson was allegedly paid for but never produced .
"on her new web site , launched in association with the television station , studio photos of the teenager sit alongside a short video in which she personally welcomes visitors to the site ."
"both ministers are expected candidates in the may 31 elections , with the governing uri party supporting lee as the candidate for taegu mayor and oh as the candidate for pusan mayor ."
"the shard contains five lines of text divided by black lines and measures 15 by 15 centimeters , or about 6 inches square ."
"federer hit back for an early break in the second , though , and stormed through the final set to seal his first title in five tournaments , so ending his worst slump since he became number one in february 2004 ."
"the group s second album produced a top 40 hit , the aural assault of 7 and 7 is . and love s third lp , forever changes , is considered one of rock s finest albums ."
"coalition air support dropped two bombs on the compounds with the greatest concentration of insurgents , the coalition said ."
nato s leaders have urged member countries to provide reinforcements to help in its campaign against taleban guerrillas in southern afghanistan .
"that s port of long beach spokesman , john pope ."
western companies can pay more for rights to biotech drugs .
"the institute said in a report that hunger and malnutrition could rise as poor agricultural communities most sensitive to the environment , such as in africa , are hurt ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the taliban kidnapped 23 south korean church volunteers , 18 of them women , in ghazni province on the main road south from kabul in july . two male koreans have since been killed ."
this student from george mason university in virginia says he s worried about money
it then shows mounties purportedly shocking robert dziekanski with a taser device after confronting him . dziekanski did not speak english .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"burns said he hopes the united states and other permanent members of the u . n . security council , plus germany , can quickly draft a resolution to see iran repudiated again ."
"people are like rats , london says ."
"korean policymakers foresee the two year economic slump will draw to a close next year as the economy will grow near the potential growth rate of 5 percent and create 350 , 000 400 , 000 new jobs ."
"the opposition grand national party gnp was dominating the races for mayors , governors and regional assembly members , kbs and mbc tv exit polls suggested ."
"also named is alibaba . com inc . , a yahoo partner that runs yahoo china ."
its right at top of the ap college football poll is all but over after oregon state upset the trojans 27 21 last night in corvallis .
mbc made an official apology for bribery scandal .
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2803277
"all of them had big budgets , most were attempts at creating contemporary or futuristic styling , and they have all divided opinion among local residents , architects , and the general public ."
how a louisiana family built the tabasco empire .
"myanmar s government has put the death toll at 78 , 000 ."
about 20 percent of the guests at marriott s fully booked marina property are fire evacuees paying more than 100 under the standard 260 .
the president s opponents accuse him of aiming to indoctrinate young venezuelans with socialist ideology .
but they envision few complications .
"he noted that some businesses , mainly smaller ones , have been forced to close or suspend production in recent months ."
"on top of winning the mayor s post , the gnp clinched the entire 25 ward leadership and 96 seats in the city council up for grabs ."
"britain is insisting that all eight would have to ratify , but some countries don t want to name nations to avoid giving any special status ."
"the world needs to wake up to this , and ensure that their territory is protected in accordance with international law . otherwise , they will soon be made extinct ."
"the decision was made due to a rising trend of flu infections within the community , he said . we estimate this peak season of influenza will continue for a few weeks ."
a senior us envoy has urged pakistani president pervez musharraf to lift emergency rule and free opponents ahead of elections due in january .
"he said people are coming back to their villages , they re planting their crops for the summer season , the monsoon will come and wash all the saltwater out of the ponds ."
"only the pakistan people s party of former prime minister benazir bhutto , who was assassinated in the run up to the elections , won more national assembly seat 92 so far ."
"of synthetic resin products , including polyethylene , since the late 1970s ."
"he may wield influence over them , but his followers say don t expect them to go the way of people who believed in david koresh and jim jones ."
a swoon in global stock markets also depressed
"preliminary hearings began in january , and baker is , for now , the only person hearing evidence ."
the aid package is worth about us 250 million euro190 million at current prices .
turkish foreign minister ali babacan rejected reports of an apparent cease fire offer from kurdish separatists tuesday during a visit to baghdad for talks with iraqi leaders aimed at defusing tensions along the countries shared border .
"while enriched uranium is used as fuel for nuclear reactors , highly enriched uranium can also be used to make nuclear bombs ."
the recall is among a series of recent problems involving imports from china .
"the disablement works will take about 45 days to complete , according to sources ."
but liverpool will now be massively boosted after ending a run of poor form which has also dented their english premier league title hopes .
gamba will also call on their brazilian strikers roni who represented brazil at a confederations cup and lucas who played in his nation s olympic team to add some experience and try to create pressure on goal .
"just weeks ago , the european union embraced a low carbon economy , saying it would lead the way in the fight against climate change by shifting away from imported oil and natural gas ."
draft likely to be reduced
the government had insisted it preferred a commercial solution to nationalization .
"o keefe met with the astronauts families , who had been waiting at the landing site for the shuttle s return ."
hana bank denied it yesterday had violated any contractual agreements or broken the law and said it will fight the allegations lodged by the microsoft subsidiary .
he has lived his life to work for zimbabwe .
"jackson , wearing a bright red shirt , smiled and waved to the fans , at one point tossing a small white towel to the crowd below ."
"it serves as a recruitment tool for terrorists , and increases the will of our enemies to fight us , while decreasing the will of others to work with america ."
what about shutting down the mexican border to stop the spread of the disease ?
these time costs increased with the complexity of the chores
the board last month approved new rules banning those convicts from using internet social networking sites such as facebook and myspace .
"after scientists pieced together the broken pieces of the ancient genome , their analysis began ."
"when work on the island began , a team of dutch engineers were employed to create the palm by using a technique called rainbowing"
"we don t want parliament to be a shelter for outlaws and wanted people , al maliki told cnn ."
"tirana , albania cnn setting up possibly another showdown with russia , u . s . president george w . bush has said the time is now to grant independence to the serbian province of kosovo and called on moscow not to slow down the process ."
and us defense secretary robert gates is in afghanistan to get an on the ground sense of the security situation .
"obama came out ahead in sunday s democratic caucuses in maine after wins in saturday s louisiana primary and democratic caucuses in nebraska , washington and the u . s . virgin islands ."
flying with the flu ?
clinton took the larger share of california s 370 democratic delegates .
"by 2 p . m . , the local seismological bureau recorded 233 aftershocks , the strongest with a magnitude of 5 . 1 , said an official with the bureau who gave only his surname , ma ."
the official xinhua news agency also reported yang s conviction .
federal prosecutors are telling a new york court they also want the assets of bernard madoff s wife .
"one of them ends up in a pagoda and ultimately dead , while another falls into a doomed love affair with a leading local pop singer ."
"when hiv positive winnie sseruma was invited to speak on the subject at the united nations in new york last june , she never expected that her condition would prevent her from obtaining a visa ."
"made up of local residents and environmental groups , the demonstrators are concerned that a third runway and a sixth terminal will be created at heathrow , the world s busiest international airport ."
"meanwhile , marilson gomes dos santos of brazil won the men s race for the second time in three years , overtaking morocco s abderrahim goumri in the final 3km to win in 2 08"
"cause to believe they are committing a crime , the spokesman said ."
video footage from the scene showed rescue workers and onlookers surrounding the plane s smoking fuselage . the top of the plane appeared to have burned away .
"http edition . cnn . com 2007 world meast 03 04 iraq . execution index . html the u . s . military is calling on all iraqi leaders , sunni and shiite , to condemn the recent kidnapping and killing of 15 iraqi police officers in retaliation for the alleged rape of a sunni woman ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"michael jackson s do you remember , how it all began"
"when informed of the news in baghdad , youssif ran around his house , saying , daddy , daddy , am i really going to get on a plane ? !"
it won t renew the work permits of unskilled workers after five years . skilled workers will have up to 10 years .
"a sierra leone clergyman brought the horrors of his country s civil war to a courtroom tuesday , becoming the first survivor of the carnage to testify at the war crimes trial of former liberian president charles taylor ."
"he said the helicopter crashed near bhawasa , about 145 kilometers 90 miles east of kathmandu ."
"the agency announced six days later , on monday , that north korea had conducted a test , causing roh to say he might rethink the administration s conciliatory policy toward the north ."
"the testimony by petraeus and ryan crocker , the u . s . ambassador in baghdad , was interrupted numerous times by demonstrators ."
"once the reactor is closed , envoys to the six party talks from the two koreas , the united states , china , japan and russia will meet in mid july to discuss next steps , he said ."
"however , red won t make you look smarter or more competent , says study author andrew elliot , ph . d . , a professor of psychology at the university of rochester in new york ."
"sharp recommends that consumers take precautions , such as asking their tax preparers or the copy shops they are using about whether their copier machines have data security installed ."
hong is alleged to have used the group s slush fund to purchase high priced paintings at overseas auctions through korean art galleries in 2002 and 2003 .
"although cnn could not independently confirm its authenticity , it was produced by the as sahab production company that has taken credit for other al qaeda tapes ."
"simpson has said he was trying to retrieve stolen items belonging to him , and denies any guns were involved ."
it is expected to take about two or three days for the ship to reach the north korean port .
chung s attorneys argued before the three judge panel that he should receive a suspended sentence meaning no prison time citing health problems and the potential impact on south korea s economy if he were to again be sidelined from management .
"turn right 280 , you can land runway one at teterboro ."
"the credit card company said the number of credit card usages overseas rose 11 . 1 percent to 679 , 558 during the same period ."
"a pakistani army commander was shot and killed by islamic radicals sunday during an operation where troops blasted holes in a besieged mosque s perimeter walls , escalating an already tense standoff between troops and the radical islamists hiding inside ."
usually the time difference between new york and london .
facing the changes that accompany the disease can be devastating .
"in a joint written statement , cnn en espanol and cnn international said they categorically deny the accusations ."
"the talks have already been hampered by a suspected u . s . missile strike that left several dead in a nearby tribal area , ap said ."
"to improve your technique , christian suggests switching up your repertoire with different types of kisses"
"if we continue this close next week , you re going to be up very , very late on election night ."
she had been tipped off by the obama campaign that he d say something .
korea to double african aid by . . .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
take another look now at wall street .
"the korean won earned a slight reprieve from the market yesterday , regaining some of its value against the dollar and ending 12 straight days of losses ."
"the decision monday to order pintongta and phantongtae shinawatra to pay the taxes was in connection with the january 2006 sale of shin corp . to singapore s government investment arm , temasek holdings , for 73 . 3 billion baht 2 . 3 billion ."
"the two countries are now important trade partners , but their political relations have often been affected by rows stemming from the colonial rule ."
"he has hired viagen , a company in austin , texas , that has already cloned other livestock ."
"video smuggled out of the secretive country has shown unarmed protesters being beaten by government security forces , and one man a japanese journalist shot and killed at close range ."
"north korea has requested large amounts of fertilizer from the south , to help alleviate chronic food shortages ."
i m proud of obama and pray for him
the dalai lama underwent the medical examination in the indian capital of new delhi as a follow up to his hospitalization in august in mumbai for abdominal discomfort .
yahoo s stock ended the regular trading day down 79 cents at 12 . 07 but rose 7 in after hours trading .
"after years of delays , the trial is expected to begin in 2008 ."
"as i only do the radio show to make people laugh i ve decided that , given the subsequent coverage , i will stop doing the show , he said ."
"why , everyone wondered , was kim confessing now ?"
"it s a city that has had such a special history in a short period of time , said scientist vladimir markov as he watched a procession of red robed russian orthodox priests bearing icons outside st ."
"those who favor sloth as the main cause trot out a 1999 report on what caused weight gains among 12 , 000 finnish adults over five years"
economist david wyss of standard poor s wasn t expecting first time claims for unemployment benefits to jump last week to more than a half million
"in the democratic race , sen . hillary clinton scored a much needed victory in new mexico and accused surging opponent barack obama of lacking substance and experience as she fought for political traction in ohio after a string of losses ."
"more than 700 trade unionists have been killed in colombia since 2001 , according to the government ."
several chinese health workers have reportedly been arrested or fired over claims that they forced people to have abortions or sterilizations .
"the outbreak on a farm near lowestoft in suffolk is the highly pathogenic asian strain and is similar to the virus found in hungary last month , a british government agency said saturday ."
the official count of infections has increased dramatically in recent days since an order issued late last week by the ministry of health mandating that all cases be reported .
"the war has become widely unpopular in the united states , and president bush s fellow republicans in congress have had to rely on filibuster tactics to block democratic led efforts to start pulling u . s . combat troops out of iraq ."
cigarette packs to show graphic warnings
he had been on the run after escaping from house arrest days after the november 3 emergency order was imposed .
"he has a definitive way of doing business that will do us well , powell said wednesday ."
"as far away as tokyo , 650 miles south ."
general surayud also allegedly rejected a military demand for emergency powers to be restored to curtail growing anti coup protests in the capital bangkok .
south korea says that a planned summit with north korea will aid international efforts to end the country s nuclear program .
"hostage taking and the abuse of foreign guests , especially women , is against islam and afghan culture and the perpetration of this heinous act on our soil is in total contempt of our islamic and afghan values , a spokesman quoted him as saying ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"a minute later , they suddenly jumped out brandishing knives and ran away , zhang said ."
"washington cnn 8212 sen . barack obama plans to visit europe and the middle east this summer , his campaign announced saturday morning ."
two thirds of the lots are vacant .
"that dark patina is the result of 500 years of aging , according to cotte ."
"sawaya , who abandoned a career as an attorney in 2004 to take on lego sculpting fulltime , spoke to cnn about his quirky craft ."
"actor robert duvall , who lives in the virginia countryside about 50 miles from washington , came in to lend his moral support to the world bank s initiative for tigers ."
"disgraced former philippine president joseph estrada has been granted an official pardon by his successor , a government spokesman has confirmed ."
"i think that donald rumsfeld will go down in history as one of the worst secretaries of defense in history , mccain said to applause ."
"the summit , only the second ever between the two sides , is set to take place between 28 30 august ."
it is the lowest level since 1970 when the nso began tracking the data .
al lahim said he is appealing the decision to bar him from representing the victim and has a meeting with justice minister abdullah bin muhammad bin ibrahim al sheikh on monday .
"los angeles afp hollywood s top movie studios are poised to post a record year with around 9 . 2 billion in ticket receipts despite a u . s . economic slump and rampant movie piracy , industry sources said monday ."
"within a few years , the band had mutinied leaving dubrow at a hotel in hawaii while other members returned to california and taken on a new lead singer ."
"it was the first defection in 10 years of a commissioned north korean military officer , according to yonhap , an official south korean news agency ."
"when we got here , there were victims out here in the parking lot and everyone else was in the church , he said ."
"washington cnn satellite photos showing the disappearance of villages and a buildup of army camps offer what researchers say is potential evidence of human rights abuses in myanmar , the scene of bloody anti government protests that have drawn tens of thousands of demonstrators ."
on friday u . s . president george w . bush announced an economic stimulus plan involving a 145 billion tax relief package .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"julian makaa , spokesman for the national disaster management office , said officials could only guess at the numbers of dead in the remotest villages , where two way radio is the usual mode of contact with the outside world ."
"the plane had 148 passengers , brown said , and either five or six crew members on board when it took off at 3 26 p . m ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"they get more lenient responses by the judiciary and law enforcement , and that is regrettable , professor hamid ghodse , a member of the incb , told the uk s press association wednesday ."
nuclear negotiator ali larijani said iran would pursue its own path if the us and its allies want to use force .
"during the good years , a buoyant financial market makes it easy to find financing for innovative new companies ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the changes would cut the number of sectors back to three
the next step is to find ways to make it more enjoyable . here s how
"i don t know what to say . all i can say is congratulations to the mothers of the martyrs , he said , paying tribute to victims of his country s sectarian strife ."
i m talking now as a prime minister and not as a member of the party . . . .
"while the cnn opinion research corp . poll shows a statistical dead heat , other recent national polls indicate giuliani continues to hold a lead over thompson ."
the exact cause of braxton s chest pain hasn t been made public .
"the yangtze is the third longest river in the world , running 6 , 300 kilometers about 3 , 900 miles ."
this is rooted in central catholic teaching of the dignity of the person .
violence has risen sharply in afghanistan in the last two months .
flying with the flu ?
"according to pfann s reading , the ossuary did not house the bones of mary the teacher , but rather of two women , mary and martha ."
"a 3 . 5 billion package of grants and tax incentives entices businesses to relocate in depressed areas , create jobs and revive the local economy ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"one marcher , iraqi lawmaker nassar al rubaie , told the ap , the enemy that is occupying our country is now targeting the dignity of the iraqi people ."
"two other suspects also are accused of paying a courier 15 , 000 to bring a shipment of ivory from cameroon into the united states ."
it was the worst gun massacre in us history .
and i thank vice president gore for a contest conducted with spirit and ended with grace .
"as u . n . ambassador , bolton helped push through a u . n . resolution last year that led to economic sanctions against north korea ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"olga kurylenko and gemma arterton will co star in the latest installment of the 007 franchise opposite daniel craig , columbia pictures has announced ."
"people are showing interest in 3 d programs , but most homes don t have the special tvs , he said ."
"i m just really very happy , ainslie said ."
"is under investigation on charges of stock market manipulation , the company said ."
the comments from the two retired british generals come in the wake of criticism of british military performance in basra made by u . s . officials and washington s fears that prime minister gordon brown is poised to sanction a british troop
"new york cnn gleaning stem cells from cloned monkey embryos , as a team of oregon researchers has done , is an impressive step ."
"wednesday , twc customers faced the prospect that channels such as nickelodeon , comedy central and mtv could go dark as of 12 01 a . m . thursday ."
daigo has caught the attention of top western chefs with its elegant kaiseki inspired shojin ryori .
"a power struggle threatens to paralyze the nuclear armed country at a time when its economy is in tatters , and it faces more of a militant opposition ."
one thing gamba osaka does have on its side is international experience .
"seconds later , a suicide bomber blew himself up with a shrapnel filled explosive ."
"and you re like , i got a lot of faith in our guys , and i , you know , we re gonna win this thing ."
"the project is a space elevator , and some experts now believe that the concept is well within the bounds of possibility maybe even within our lifetimes ."
"lee kang gil , a spokesman for the prime minister s office , said yesterday that the government would use 5 million from its own budget , while the rest would come from donations from the private sector ."
"following the weakening of the u . s . dollar and speculation that asian central banks may diversify their holdings out of the currency , park seung , the governor of the bank of korea , said the country will not shift its foreign currency reserves out of the dollar for now , yonhap news agency reported yesterday ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"sen . barack obama sought sunday to use his south carolina victory to expand his appeal , saying the first southern primary reflects what americans are looking for ."
the handful of surviving world war i veterans were celebrated tuesday as part of 90th anniversary commemorations of the conflict that was meant to end all wars .
draft likely to be reduced
"but an apparent surge in libyans could be tied to the libyan islamic fighting group s lifg increasingly cooperative relationship with al qaeda , a west point report says ."
"moreover , a majority of the opposition party holds favorable opinions of obama and mccain ."
"this year marks the 35th anniversary of normalization of ties between china and japan , and we should take in hand this important opportunity to develop china japan relations , li said ."
"madrid , spain cnn a drummer for the swedish pop group abba has died after an apparent accident at his home in spain , a civil guard spokeswoman said monday ."
mayor vance trively says that the southwest iowa town of 200 people is being overrun by dozens of feral cats and needed to do something .
guests who said they were going blind or battling cancer told him they wanted to view the auroras at least once in their lives .
"wearable technology is coming through into useful everyday clothing more than it is on the catwalk . the catwalk still treats wearable tech as flashing earrings or sensational things , mccann says ."
"those males bred a lot earlier , attracted the best mates and sired the greatest number of offspring , which safran says is the currency of evolution ."
"in three days gergiev worked this orchestra together and afterwards he bounced off the stage and said , when can we do this again ?"
"the first and immediate priority issue that we all agreed was that we must feed the hungry , said ban , who will lead the task force ."
"obama also won alabama , alaska , colorado , connecticut , delaware , idaho , kansas , minnesota , missouri , north dakota and utah ."
"the korean government , however , insisted that the center must be located in south jeolla province , where it wants to establish a biological research and development complex according to its so called national balanced development policy ."
roh said that north korea is not likely to fall suddenly .
they promise transformation .
"the senior officials stressed that the flights are carrying only supplies for lebanese forces , and the u . s . military has no intention of involving its troops in the fighting , which began sunday ."
flying with the flu ?
government officials complain that the networks flout regulations requiring them to warn viewers about racy content .
the seoul central district court ruled sunday that the insurance company was 50 percent liable for the accident and must pay the parents 90 million won in compensation .
"but investigations showed the children were chadian , and that most had at least one parent or close adult relative ."
"in their statement , the families pleaded with the united states to be more actively involved and get more countries to cooperate in the negotiations to free the hostages ."
"on the one year anniversary of the dow s all time high of above 14 , 000 , the index closed about 7 percent down at about 8 , 500 ."
"according to article 77 of the anti doping regulations introduced in 2004 , a retired rider may only return to competition by informing the uci six months in advance in order to allow him her to be available for out of competition testing ."
"the office of the anti doping power of attorney has listened today to ivan basso . . . and he has widely admitted his own responsibilities relative to operation puerto and has supplied the maximum collaboration in order to clear up the relative facts of his involvement , a statement on coni s website said ."
"among other uses , this will make possible great advances in telemedicine , which will bring high quality medical treatment to remote areas , and in distance education , connecting students and teachers separated by great distances , jaxa said ."
a key sunni ally of the us and iraqi governments has been killed in a bomb attack in the iraqi city of ramadi .
"at one point , a hand appeared with a cell phone camera taking a close up picture of the surgery ."
lee has mentioned the canal several times as a critical part of his plans for reducing national and corporate logistics costs .
"many analysts have said that chung will probably avoid a prison term given his central role in running arguably one of the country s two most important corporations , the other being samsung electronics co ."
"in nebraska , the most snow reported was 8 inches , five miles north of harrisburg in banner county ."
"joint security area jsa , made by young director park chan wook , won the top prize at doville asia film festival in france last year and was released in asia ."
this is one of the great fantasies of my life .
global markets have taken a beating as the financial crisis deepened around the world .
"elite jamboree of uh , 20 rich capitalist leaders of the world ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn the iraqi government said it will file criminal charges against employees of security firm blackwater usa who were involved a gun battle in baghdad in which civilians were killed , an iraqi interior ministry official said sunday ."
"the talks , which began on monday , had been extended into thursday after north korea said it wanted the macau bank issue resolved first ."
"the new orleans jazz and heritage fest that smorgasbord of music , food and fun allows music enthusiasts to plan an itinerary around everything from musical lectures and demonstrations to impromptu parties ."
a saudi intelligence official said friday that the nine months long terror sweep by saudi security forces netted 172 militants members of cells that make up the al qaeda network the saudis have been tracking for years .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"mark smith , at the white house ."
"she knew it well , after playing her last six rounds with sorenstam and using the knowledge gathered to remain composed under the pressure of playing a final round in a major championship ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"short of a coveted ticket for a taping of the oprah winfrey show , an easier way to surround yourself with the presence of the queen of talk is to go to her official store across from harpo studios in what was once a chicago warehouse district ."
germany s dax 30 and france s cac 40 also saw significant drops of between 7 percent and 9 percent .
"abete also said security would be increased for wednesday s group 8 game with montenegro in lecce , italy ."
"israeli foreign minister tzipi livni has met the palestinian prime minister , salam fayyad , for the first time since he took office last month ."
sixteen rockets were fired wednesday and 12 on tuesday .
"the council plans to meet in sacramento in march to discuss possible restrictions , including a complete closure of the salmon season that begins in may ."
the kremlin said the decision was immoral and warned of serious consequences for the uk .
"having avoided military entanglements in the region , they may curry more favor with the iraqi people ."
they chose the final group of loya jirga members from among themselves .
he said uefa was in contact with liverpool and offering to help with the logistics of changing the fans travel plans .
but bahamian authorities ordered the inquest amid widespread speculation over the circumstances surrounding his death .
i didn t want things to happen that way but i m also ready for a new challenge .
"news photos showed huang li , wearing a skirted swimsuit , being picked up out of the water by her father ."
national football team coach jo bonfrere was finally dismissed by the korea football association kfa on tuesday with less than 10 months left until the 2006 world cup .
"most infected people suffer fever , diarrhea and abdominal cramps starting 12 to 72 hours after infection ."
"beijing , china cnn japan s prime minister will hold summit talks with chinese leaders friday on a number of thorny issues , with a stop at the birthplace of confucius indicating his desire for warming ties between the asian giants ."
"mercury , up close and personal"
"the judge rejected the argument , noting"
"adhi said the wwf decided to implement the video technology based on the success of similar methods used to track rhinos in sabah , malaysia ."
but astro keeps returning to civilization .
"and when that day comes , disney s shareholders will not be sorry to possess such familiar trademarks as abc and espn ."
state lawmakers want to put a stop to it they want to limit the nebraska safe haven law by putting an age cap on it .
"earlier , hudson identified the bodies of her darnell donerson , and brother , jason hudson , the cook county medical examiner s office told cnn on sunday ."
"no work was getting done yesterday , said jason dinant , who works for a nightclub ."
"the north koreans have again clearly isolated themselves , white house press secretary tony snow told reporters ."
but some westmore residents want to be able to use the beach without having to worry they or their kids will confront a naked person .
"in addition to seeming as a living , breathing version of the furby , it also appears as though it ought to have had appeared in the 1984 movie gremlins ."
"by those parameters , a conspiracy to sabotage sicko could involve anyone from the head of pfizer to the folks behind pixar s ratatouille , which opens on june 29 , when sicko is scheduled to open nationwide ."
"their meeting was held in a cordial atmosphere , the official korean central news agency reported ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
copts have a long history in egypt tradition says st . mark brought christianity to egypt just a few years after the death of christ .
the torch relay was disrupted several times and police made more than two dozen arrests .
"brothers jay and robert pritzker acquired marmon in 1953 when it was a small manufacturing operation in ohio , according to the release ."
"however , considering the high profile stem cell scandal , the prosecution will consult with scientists about the conclusion before announcing the investigation results , according to the kbs news ."
"police in whittier , california , have released a frantic 9 1 1 call made last october by the woman who went on to have 8 babies in january"
"an amusement park worker was thrown off a gyrating ride and killed , and park officials acknowledged saturday that a safety precaution put in place after a fatal accident on the ride in 2004 wasn t followed ."
"the country s economy is collapsing , and torture and rape under the country s military regime is commonplace ."
"out with the old , in with the new in space"
"as soon as you get married , you feel the yoke ."
they re looking for an american woman who supposedly went overboard from the cruise ship norwegian pearl .
the poll s margin of error was plus or minus 3 percentage points .
"obama s republican rival , sen . john mccain , issued a statement monday afternoon"
"a mistake we make is thinking that sleep is optional , he said ."
"chad schieber of midland , michigan , 35 , collapsed while running on the south side and was pronounced dead shortly before 1 p . m . at a veteran s affairs hospital , the cook county medical examiner s office ."
"the gnp has a total of 9 , 142 delegates nationwide ."
"the philadelphia phillies , tampa bay rays , tied at 2 , heading at the bottom of the sixth inning ."
flying with the flu ?
the 58 year old former president went to the hospital late last week after complaining of prolonged chest pain and shortness of breath .
"nearly a month later , buddhist monks took the lead in the protests and defied military orders that they stop ."
"christians have been in gaza for 2 , 000 years , since the time of christ , and yet this is their greatest hour ."
flying with the flu ?
"in return , seoul is expected to accept a u . s . demand that it fully opens its door to u . s . beef ."
"chris benoit was a pro wrestler for 22 years and star of world wrestling entertainment , which strongly denounced any suggestion that steroid use could be connected to the tragedy ."
"we know that if a child is watching more than an hour of tv a day , we know there s a sexual scene in the content every 10 minutes , then they re getting a fair amount of sexual content , chandra said ."
"but , she said , the groups got angry with each other ."
"that radiate outward from that region , the space agency said ."
analysts said traders reacted quickly overnight to the news that iran s government was considering cutting crude oil production .
with hillary clinton falling to a potentially damaging third .
"after that , chae divorced his wife and moved to ganghwa island in gyeonggi province , where he was relatively quiet and reserved , his neighbors testified ."
"london , england cnn heather mills mccartney broke her silence wednesday about her divorce from paul mccartney , saying in tv interviews that she fears for her life because of death threats and blaming tabloids for her problems ."
khan was jailed last week after escaping house arrest .
"the swiss banking regulator , meanwhile , said there was no reason for ubs banking clients to be concerned , despite the warning of a third quarter loss ."
"rangers , police and local residents responded for rescue work , according to railway officials , who said another train has arrived at the crash location to carry the injured to lahore ."
the body of a fourth person
"i should rather have paid attention to what i was saying and understood that perhaps i was on the record , chirac said in the second interview on tuesday , according to the new york times ."
the joong ang ilbo quotes police yesterday as saying they had arrested the owner of an immigration consultancy on charges of forging documents for use by prospective korean emigrants to canada .
"arrival , enslavement , torture , death the 30 pictures expose the worsening nightmare through the artist s eye , and add graphic texture to the body of testimony by holocaust survivors ."
"while the substance is not new , it wasn t until recently that a wada lab developed an effective urine test for it , ioc spokeswoman emmanuelle moreau told cnn ."
there were no immediate claims of responsibility for the attack .
which came into effect today replaces the written green i 94 form and allows travelers under the vwp to enter the u . s . without a visa and stay for up to 90 days .
us and iraqi forces are conducting a massive search for three soldiers missing since their patrol was attacked south of baghdad on saturday .
she said her decision to run for a senate seat from new york provided a healing bridge for them .
"we think north korea is trying to gain leverage ahead of the talks , south korea s top security adviser , ra jong il , was quoted by his office as saying ."
"the men planned to kill more than 100 african americans , including 14 who would be beheaded , according to the affidavit ."
but the international court of justice did rule that belgrade had violated international law by failing to prevent the 1995 massacre at srebrenica .
"more than 200 people died in pisco , and almost 70 percent of the city of 68 , 000 residents was destroyed , minister of health carlos vallejos told andina television . there aren t any buildings that are in good condition ."
"a three year metropolitan police inquiry in britain concluded that diana was not pregnant or about to marry fayed , and that the crash was caused by paul , who was drunk and speeding ."
its u . s . unit will sell to sbc communications inc .
"another person , an overweight student , sits and places his feet on brick like props to enable him to stretch higher ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"in 34 days of fighting , between 1 , 035 and 1 , 191 lebanese civilians and combatants were killed , as were 119 israeli soldiers and 39 civilians ."
an iraqi woman who was among military workers watching the game from a u . s . iraqi military base labeled the team members heroes .
"the three terror suspects arrested last week in germany may have sped up their bombing plot after a loud talking police officer inadvertently alerted them that they were on a federal watch list , an unnamed source with knowledge of the investigation told cnn ."
"the team is set to start clinical trials using the robot in november , according to takanishi ."
"when the material is properly wrapped , according to maps of the wearer s body in motion , it creates a mobile , skeleton like shell that protects and supports the astronaut ."
"potbellied men wore shorts or underwear to show off their elaborately inked arms , legs and backs ."
"sofas were reduced to shreds , shoes to tatters ."
"the cia and the u . s . army trained terrorists and supported terrorism , and they themselves are terrorists , the parliament said , according to irna ."
"eliminating al badri is another step in breaking the cycle of violence instigated by the attack on the holy shrine in samarra , fox said . we will continue to hunt down the brutal terrorists who are intent on creating a taliban like state in iraq ."
most of the terrain east of kuiper had never before been photographed .
"park geun hye , daughter of the late president park chung hee , as its new party leader yesterday ."
"and turn , turn , turn ! seconds before their airbus a320 skidded off the runway in sao paulo and slammed into a building last month , flight recorder transcripts revealed wednesday ."
"the absence of women may be more glaring this year because another key category , album of the year , also is without a single female artist ."
"the account holders , as long as they are authorized , can proceed to the bank to withdraw or transfer the money , she said , without commenting further ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"australian customs service national investigations manager richard janeczko said some contraband items were taken , but didn t identify them ."
obama appeals most strongly to younger voters while older voters favor clinton .
it s all economy all the time again this morning .
"a russian soyuz spacecraft , which docked with the space station at 4 38 a . m . et tuesday , carried garriott , along with nasa astronaut michael fincke and russian cosmonaut yuri lonchakov ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the man had been attending a two month language course in the city , it said ."
"the move comes after a man sexually abused and killed 10 year old lee hye jin and eight year old woo ye seul in anyang , gyeonggi province , last december , and another man violently attempted to kidnap a 10 year old schoolgirl in ilsan , north of seoul , sunday ."
"movie goers , particularly in their teens and 20s , boosted the domestic market share of south korean films to almost 50 percent last year as they found fresh interest in home grown films ."
"one official said the troops went less than two miles inside iraq and were still there in late afternoon . it is a hot pursuit , not an incursion , one official said ."
"all but 6 percent of the new victims last year were male , and a third of them were in their 30s ."
"now , a new study from italy is adding to the evidence that the mercury based preservative , once used in many vaccines , doesn t hurt children ."
"today , fingerprints are used not only for forensic investigation , but also commonly for passports , id cards , border surveillance , access control , and even shopping ."
"cnn cycling legend lance armstrong a survivor of testicular cancer and girlfriend anna hansen are expecting a baby , cnn learned tuesday through his charitable organization ."
"the film won over two oscar nominees , deliver us from evil and iraq in fragments ."
"an insufficient number of members of liberals , minority party members and even some members of his ruling colorado party showed up in the senate to form the quorum necessary to approve the resignation request he made on monday ."
"fortunately , the area around 3 rivers offers many opportunities for walking , river swimming and exploring ."
the police announced on thursday that two men had been arrested and would appear in court on friday on charges of murder .
the illinois democrat set the previous record in january when he raised 36 million .
"then there was a loss of data from temperature sensors on the left wing , followed by a loss of data from tire pressure indicators on the left main landing gear"
street riots started over the weekend after athens police killed 15 year old alexandros grigoropoulos on saturday .
"the rare joint action came after communist china recently published a series of books and articles as part of its northeastern project , claiming that the ancient history of korea originated from mainland china ."
government plans to establish a global consortium for cloning research .
"plain clothes security police , their long lens cameras clicking away , kept close watch over the nld ceremony from across the road ."
"if the technology proves successful , subscribers with small dishes will connect to the internet at speeds many times faster than what is now available over residential cable or dsl services ."
"madoff , a former chairman of the nasdaq exchange market , was arrested thursday on a single securities fraud charge for operating a 50 billion ponzi scheme from his investment advisory business ."
"government ministers and provincial premiers were among about 1 , 500 people at the funeral at the michaelhouse school chapel in kwazulu natal ."
"the recording was captured by bystander paul pritchard on october 14 and was in police hands until he threatened legal action and it was returned to him last week , the canadian press reported ."
"emory university anthropology professor bruce knauft , who lived in a village in the western province of papua new guinea in the early 1980s , traced family histories for 42 years and found that one in three adult deaths were homicides"
"south korean president roh moo hyun and his u . s . counterpart george w . bush agreed during a telephone conversation that they were now at a starting point to kick start the process of resolving the north korea nuclear issue , roh s office said in a statement on thursday ."
"so far , in the first hour and a half of trading , the dow has dropped more than 250 points ."
lebanese defense minister elias murr repeatedly has said he wants al abssi dead or alive .
but the greatest of these is charity . obama campaigned as someone who would strive to bridge the nation s bitter partisan divide .
"in shanksville , pennsylvania , a memorial honoring flight 93 s 40 passengers and crew began at 9 45 a . m . , shortly before the time the airliner nosedived into the empty field ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"now , after much internal debate , nato has begun declassifying and posting top secret combat video on youtube and other web platforms to try and beat the taliban at its own game ."
the world bank s policy board is meeting today in washington .
"swedish researchers looked at 20 years of records and discovered that the number of heart attacks dipped on the monday after clocks were set back an hour , possibly because people got an extra hour of sleep ."
"we will take necessary measures whenever the foreign exchange markets are unstable , the central bank said in the statement that called the report a misunderstanding ."
the u . s . is giving israel advanced early warning radar .
clapton is good .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"two boys were killed in a thursday rally held in support of opposition leader and former prime minister benazir bhutto , police sources said ."
palestinian prime minister salam fayyad called the pledge of money a vote of confidence in the palestinians .
bhutia is the first athlete to refuse to run with the torch .
"on sunday , u . s . deputy secretary of state john negroponte told reporters in baghdad that there are disagreements on what to do about the situation ."
"but here in the increasingly populous pocono mountains , complaints about nuisance bears are rising especially among recent arrivals from new york , new jersey and philadelphia , who tend to have little experience with the animals ."
it was felt across the british isles and in northwestern germany . the quake killed one person .
medical experts consulted by the spanish media said that the collapse was precipitated by a weakness in the right ventricle of the player s heart that can cause arrhythmias .
prime minister shinzo abe claims japan needs to seek military power to increase its role in the global community through peacekeeping operations and cooperation with the u . s .
that gave scientists such a good idea of the object s orbit that they could see it would miss earth in 2030 .
"in the absence of it , you re asking the body to defend itself with one hand tied behind its back ."
at least seven members of the cell are still believed to be at large
"alexander torshin , the man leading a federal inquiry , said regional police failed to follow orders which could have prevented an attack ."
puerta collapsed after jogging back towards his own goal 35 minutes into the game against getafe at the sanchez pizjuan on saturday night .
"what matters is that children are being raised in a stable , loving environment ."
"news leaked from the reclusive north , which shuns outside access , is usually hard to confirm ."
"if passed it would give the government sweeping powers over how foreign companies , including mines , operate in zimbabwe ."
purported taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi told the associated press that taliban militants were behind the attack .
yin said labor unrest caused by the slowdown was the government s main concern .
"meghan mccain was on the talk show couch , being grilled by the hosts of the view . does it bother her to hear jokes about her father s age ?"
draft likely to be reduced
my client is her mother .
"she said it was particularly unfortunate that he made the remarks just days before christmas , but described them as so in line with other statements from this pope , it s not really atypical ."
every eu member nation is sending a representative to attend a formal signing of the treaty in the portuguese capital .
one of the new president s most important appointees is on the job
"russian president vladimir putin has been told about a plot to assassinate him during a visit to iran this week , a kremlin spokeswoman said sunday ."
puma calls sports fans with their favorite team ring tone to connect them with 10 other fans every time their team scores .
"the government , to freeze public services fee ."
the automaker says that s so much that its auditors will soon weigh in on whether they think the company is still a going concern .
"he said it s political as well and requires national will , an implication that iraqis need to put aside their ethnic , tribal and religious allegiances to help the state survive ."
men serve a mandatory 26 month military service during which dozens of soldiers sleep on the same floor .
"the official was not authorized to discuss sensitive details of diplomatic discussions on the record , and spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the basic version of the ps3 is priced twice as high as nintendo s new console , the wii , which has been outselling the sony machine in japan and the united states since the devices were launched late last year ."
chirac s initial remarks would mark a big departure from france s official policy of deterrence and work in preventing iran from obtaining nuclear weapons .
"the diamond , mined in india nearly 400 years ago , has been privately owned since 1964 ."
"the spokeswoman , who spoke on customary condition of anonymity , refused further comment ."
"but it is often dismissed as diet food , low in calories but with little to brag about nutritionally ."
"the scene we re trying to visualize would have taken place before 79 ad when the city , according to our guide fulvio jesu , was a prosperous community known for its wine and its houses of prostitution ."
"rice said the united states had problems with the way spain withdrew from iraq , not the fact that it took its troops out ."
"we need freedom , food , water , electricity and jobs , said mohamed ba , sitting outside a wooden kiosk in downtown freetown , radio in hand . but i don t trust the politicians ."
"i don t have any specific ideas , he says , looking sharp in a gray suit , white shirt and hollywood stubble . i want to work in all types of movies . i don t care the size of the movie ."
"seale , shackled and wearing an orange jail jumpsuit , shook his head during testimony about his family ."
"in the republican race , wisconsin gives mccain at least 13 more delegates"
it was not clear how many people were inside when it came down .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"often , haji can tell if children have just arrived from mogadishu by the way they act ."
"but he also suggested he was not seeking an immediate cross border offensive against the rebels of the kurdistan workers party , or pkk , holed up in bases in northern iraq . the responsibility of leadership does not allow for narrow mindedness , haste or heroism , he said ."
amnesty said it was not promoting abortion as a universal right .
a record that remained intact under jose mourinho and avram grant .
"chavez personally invited stone to join the rescue delegation after the pair , who say they are mutual admirers , met for the first time last week in caracas ."
"kuwait s parliament , made up mostly of opposition politicians , has been locked in a feud with the government which it accuses of corruption and abuse of power ."
"in it the biker is seen performing wheelies , tire smoking wheelspins and skids on his yamaha r6 road bike as well as high speed undertaking maneuvers ."
age as political issue has become a reality the mccain campaign does indeed have to face .
why is this happening ?
"prosecutors contended libby disclosed plame s covert profession to reporters as part of a plan to discredit her husband , joseph wilson , a former ambassador who alleged in a july 2003 new york times editorial that the bush administration twisted some intelligence in the run up to the iraq war ."
"in a japanese town bearing obama s name , jubilation took a few minutes to translate from the group of american teachers to the local crowd , which also cheered o ba ma !"
"one of the victims was vanessa iverson , 19 , who did not live at the house but had been visiting there , said her mother , kay macara , who went to the police station . watch reporting from location of shooting"
"sharapova s agent , max eisenbud , said on tuesday that she is on track to return to action at the january 7 10 exhibition in hong kong that she usually enters ."
"tripoli , lebanon ap lebanese tanks pounded the headquarters of a group with suspected links to al qaeda in a palestinian refugee camp near tripoli sunday after the northern city s worst clashes in two decades killed 22 soldiers and 17 militants ."
it was the third time that authorities have arrested naqibullah .
the upcoming meeting will not be abe s first with bush .
congress gets back to work today in a lame duck session that some senate democrats want to use to bailout the auto industry .
"landsman s world is fiction , of course , a product of michael chabon s imagination ."
"in jakarta , indonesia , where obama lived with his mother and stepfather in the late 1960s , hundreds of students at his old elementary school poured into the playground and danced in the rain , some chanting obama !"
"i regard this as an attempt by the japanese government to suppress and censor my book and i think it is absolutely outrageous , kyodo quoted hills as saying ."
"fire crews were investigating the cause , but it was not thought to be terror related ."
"as a doctor , kamal yanni was able to watch over her father s progress ."
"everyone is really very shocked , she said ."
"us experts have made a good start to the process of dismantling north korea s main nuclear facility , the leader of the us team has said ."
bush said the summit would include developed and developing nations from around the world .
the president said he also intends to work with arab friends and allies on this very issue and remind them of the strategy and obligations they have to help this vision become a reality .
"for another , the prospect is less comforting feelings of depression , anger , isolation set in as the hours go by ."
"in a matter of decades since it was invented in 1989 by english scientist tim berners lee , the world wide web has grown from a few pages to somewhere in the hundreds of billions , according to best guesstimates ."
the fbi says it infiltrated the group after a video shop alerted police to being asked to copy onto dvd footage of the men firing guns and chanting .
the request comes on top of 147 billion already sought for in the wars .
"erosion tears away the ahus , ceremonial platforms of dirt and stone on which they sit , and even is slowly claiming the island s porous edges ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"to position our employees to serve customers more effectively , as ceo john clendinin said , bellsouth announced that 11 , 300 would take positions off his payroll ."
"the more than 200 , 000 victims who died when the atomic age was born , when the u . s . dropped the first unclear bombs on japan ."
the quality of your work isn t want it used to be
"the pumps can be used to remove nuclear isotopes from uranium , which can be used to make nuclear weapons ."
president bush may have a global economic solution for you .
"despite the recent bumper crop of films , however , the statistics for female directors remain dismal ."
us secretary of state condoleezza rice promised full assistance to the palestinian authority and emergency humanitarian aid to gaza via the un .
"hawkins was sent to piney ridge center in waynesville , missouri , on may 18 , 2002 a day after his 14th birthday ."
"after falling below 40 a barrel , the price of oil climbed back up above 50 this week , without much indication that demand is picking up ."
"the judgment stems from venezuela s june decision to take control of two projects it had entered into with exxon , the world s largest publicly traded oil company ."
"hundreds of hectares acres of forest land have been destroyed since 1990 , he said ."
"kang young woo , a member of the national council on disability at the white house , was known to have played a key role in attempting to realize a meeting between lee and bush ."
"he calls on the senior leadership of the country to cooperate fully with this mission in order to take advantage of the willingness of the united nations to assist in the process of a national reconciliation through dialogue , said a u . n . statement ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
i failed my boy and that hurts the most .
"let s not speculate , he said ."
"paul stanley , a singer and guitarist with rock band kiss , was forced to pull out of a show in california on friday after his heart started beating at more than twice the normal level , he said on his web site ."
"she said she did not like the current rhetoric surrounding us russian relations , but added that it s not a time in which i think any sort of cataclysmic things are happening ."
"there is also a small ebony and ivory chair which the king sat on as a child , along with his crook and flail ."
sorenstam wanted to go for the green on the par 518th but couldn t after her tee shot on 18 ended up in a fairway bunker .
he d found it interesting years ago and highlighted it for future reference
"asked to comment on the reports that the guard corps may be named a terrorist group , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe would only say"
"but after three emotionally draining , failed attempts at adoption , they decided to turn to surrogacy ."
"the ultimatum follows gusmao s request for alkatiri quit , saying he had lost confidence in him ."
the un has passed two packages of sanctions against iran for refusing to suspend its uranium enrichment program . un secretary general ban ki moon urged iran to follow the security council resolution and an eu spokesman renewed calls for iran to suspend uranium enrichment .
"warner bros . made the deal last week for the film , which would most likely be based on conspiracy of fools , a book chronicling the scandal written by new york times reporter kurt eichenwald , the studio said , confirming a report first published by variety , the entertainment industry publication ."
"dramatic new evidence has emerged concerning the final hours of otzi , the bronze age hunter whose frozen body was found in the alps in 1991 ."
"former prime minister lee hae chan , who arrived in north korea yesterday , said it is not the right time to discuss a summit meeting with the north ."
an early heads up here
"the numbers come in a letter to rep . john spratt , chairman of the house budget committee , in response to a request from spratt s office ."
another showed photographer romuald rat squatting next to the open door of the car .
"improving corporate governance is one of the most important tasks south korean companies are facing , kang said ."
what i want is not just ivory tower learning .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
johnson later said he was referring to obama s community organizing efforts .
"at 67 , baez finds her voice may not have the sheer power it did in her 20s , but her political spirit is intact ."
he left office in 1998 amid mass protests over corruption and human rights abuses but did not stand trial on health grounds .
"cape town , south africa cnn sudan has asked south africa to mediate on darfur , the south african foreign minister said tuesday as attempts to end a conflict that has killed more than 200 , 000 and forced 2 . 5 million from their homes appeared to founder ."
"there s enough oil shale in the rocky mountain west , alone , to power america for the next hundred years ."
"i think they love the idea of the viral spreading of the story , which is fascinating . and the numbers of potential viewers are incredible ."
"no note was found , and police say they do not know how long the 52 year old had been in the vehicle ."
an ex khmer rouge prison chief has been charged with crimes against humanity by un backed tribunal in cambodia .
"last week west ham released tevez s registration following a deal with his agent kia joorabchian , who reached a two million pounds 4 . 05 million settlement with the london club to end a long transfer saga which centred on who owned the striker ."
"neck kiss , in which you kiss up and down your partner s neck"
"at a recent kindergarten graduation ceremony , young girls smiled behind their brightly colored princess dresses and the boys showed off their best dress shirts ."
"today , too many nations waste precious resources on building and acquiring weapons of mass destruction , on staging wars and doing violence to basic human rights , instead of investing in their people ."
"even if you don t think you ll get a deal , it can t hurt to take a chance ."
the 25 year old prince will learn to fly helicopters and fixed wing aircraft as part of a four month tour with the raf that starts in january .
"i asked everybody to bring their favorite piece of music that signified joy to them , ma said . and out came all of these fantastic pieces ."
"at least a few internet users have , and that s all that matters ."
he also won an academy award for his screenplay adaptation of midnight express 1978 .
what if it had been heading on a collision course ?
most countries with a local autonomy system have a similar recall system .
"with flooding from two weeks of rains finally receding in northern india , monsoon storms moved west ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"whitman said that while some critics are already making judgments about the success of the troop increase , none of those people are our military commanders on the ground , and that s the best place to tell if the surge is making a difference ."
the lower house of france s parliament has approved plans to extend special powers .
this reflects the need for change and integration in world trends .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s president , general pervez musharraf , will skip a highly anticipated thursday meeting with his afghan counterpart and tribal leaders along the mountainous border region between their two countries , his government announced on the eve of the conference ."
the diagnosis was the early stages of alzheimer s disease .
that figure is about 20 percent less than the previous all time low of 5 . 32 million square kilometers 2 . 05 million square miles set in september 2005
"lee is expected to visit moscow in late may or june after his trips to the united states , japan and china between mid april and may ."
"teenagers need eight to 10 hours of sleep , compared with the six to eight hours recommended for adults ."
"tymoshenko , smiling triumphantly after the exit polls were announced , said she would meet with yushchenko on monday to quickly formalize their new alliance ."
"according to a doctoral paper by chae suh young of sogang university in 2004 , 59 percent of 231 university students and office workers he surveyed had taken english names ."
"if you don t have time for all of the churches , make sure you see at least three"
jackson s reclusive lifestyle and a photo earlier this year of him being pushed in a wheelchair created a fertile ground for the planting of the rumor .
the communist chinese ambassador to london has accused the western media of demonizing china and says there are complicated problems in tibet .
coalition aircraft were called in and pounded positively identified enemy positions using precision guided munitions .
"kelly skidmore said she is a roman catholic and goes to mass on sundays , but she believes the i believe plate is inappropriate for the government to produce ."
a los angeles court official has delayed the arraignment of anna nicole smith s lawyer turned boyfriend and a psychiatrist who treated the former model .
"the ginn tribute shut down in august , and officials at broken arrow in tulsa , oklahoma , announced on tuesday their event , sponsored by semgroup , would not continue ."
"as he rode through the streets in a truck , flanked by a lengthy convoy , massive crowds chanted obama , obama and waved flags emblazoned with his name and an image of his face ."
but he urged voters to stick with him .
"state news agency antara said dozens of buildings were either destroyed or damaged , while witnesses said electricity was temporarily cut in some places , including a hospital , which was briefly evacuated ."
"at 5 p . m . et , the 15 nation euro was trading at 1 . 3927 , down from 1 . 4025 late friday . the british pound rose to 1 . 4413 amid expectations for u . k . interest rates to stand well below those in the euro zone ."
north korea is facing a december 31 deadline to hand over a document declaring its past and present nuclear secrets .
"the reincarnated book club will differ slightly from the original , offering just four or five selections a year with a focus on classic works , rather than books by living authors ."
"the aviator was in sparks , nevada , northeast of reno , in august , preparing a jet racer to break the land speed record at bonneville flats in northwest utah ."
the center of the building has been largely rebuilt to include a new grand staircase and a skylight .
"ordzhonikidzevskaya , russia ap faced with the possible closure of the camp where he lives along with thousands of other chechen refugees , dzhabrail galuyev says he would rather die than leave ."
"on a 7 point scale , with 1 being the least sexy and 7 a white hot sex goddess , the color red added about 1 . 25 points to the rating , says elliot ."
"mr . murphy and ms . brown dated very briefly and never made any plans of any sort , the statement said ."
"attendees at the macworld conference expo , which kicked off monday in san francisco , were encouraged to hear the announcement ."
"obviously , like the rest of the people of illinois , i am saddened and sobered by the news that came out of the u . s . attorney s office today , he said . but as this is an ongoing investigation involving the governor , i don t think it would be appropriate for me to comment on the issue at this time ."
the fighting and the dying getting more intense in gaza and israel today .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"but other eu nations including greece , spain and romania have signaled that they would not follow suit amid concerns about the precedent that such a move would set ."
"his home is a makeshift shelter made from salvaged bags , cloth and wood ."
india s benchmark stock index dropped 4 . 6 percent in early trading and hong kong s market slid 4 . 7 percent by midday .
other estimates of the death toll from the remote region varied widely .
"it may be one small step for civilian space travel , but it s a leap for education ."
"the comments come after dan senor , a leading republican strategist , suggested on abc sunday that rice is mounting a behind the scenes campaign to be mccain s running mate ."
britain s royal mail is issuing a series of seven stamps depicting the covers of the best selling harry potter books just before the final volume goes on sale .
the case drew widespread anger and unusually strong criticism from the state run media .
"in 10 years , we ll all be using 64 bit systems with 64gb or more of ram and several megabytes of cache to process the voice and video streaming ."
"the bubbly beauty has charisma for miles a true american idol , her fans argue ."
"a powerful tropical cyclone has hit australia s north east coast , packing winds of up to 290km h ."
will miss california keep her crown ?
"especially now , it s a very important time for hyundai , yun tae sik , an auto analyst at nh investment securities , said friday , citing hyundai s constant labor troubles , sluggish sales and pricing competition from japanese automakers ."
dicaprio s on crowe like a boxer .
"there are lots of public servants that work very , very hard and they need to be rewarded , but we ve taken the view that this is not an appropriate way of rewarding them , bowen said ."
foods naturally rich in vitamin d are scarce .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
at one point he was known as the sheriff of wall street for the vigor with which he pursued dirty dealing in high finance .
but burma s military rulers have denied the claims .
"during the presidential campaign , obama proposed a 175 billion stimulus package over a two year period , but some of his economic advisers have said recently that the package would need to be much larger ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
i m the one leaving the party when everyone else is arriving .
"all could find a reason to interfere in iraq , he said , including opposition to the u . s . troop presence , and sectarian and political differences ."
"investors are grappling with a possible bankruptcy in the automotive industry , something analysts say could have dire implications for the broader economy , as a second day of congressional hearings ended without resolution ."
"bush left intact a 250 , 000 fine and two years probation for libby , according to a senior white house official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the decision had not been announced ."
all in the hope one will believe in her .
"hicks has been held at the u . s . military prison in guantanamo since january 2002 , a month after he was detained in afghanistan ."
"holder , 57 , co chaired obama s vice presidential selection process ."
"earthquakes are common in the peloponnese region , according to greek geodynamic institute director gerasimos papadopoulos ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"nasa said friday it was going to take immediate action after a report raised safety questions about astronauts drinking before flying missions . the space agency said astronauts flew drunk at on at least two occasions , despite warnings from doctors and colleagues that they posed a flight risk ."
"it s tongue in cheek and she s getting more attention that the other two , so she seemed like an ideal candidate ."
"but lawmakers approved the rescue package , backed by u . s . president george w . bush and treasury chiefs , friday after the u . s . senate passed it by a large majority on wednesday ."
"bhutto , 54 , was killed thursday in an attack that involved a gunman and an explosion in rawalpindi , outside of the capital islamabad ."
the current controversy erupted last week after roh admitted that the nll was not a territorial border but a one sided military division that had been imposed on korea .
the re wilding program has had initial success as the tigers moved from
welcome to the world of the fourth screen .
"an after hours message left for simpson s attorney , yale galanter , was not immediately returned ."
"without any intervention , officials believe the satellite would come down on its own in early march ."
law enforcement authorities have banned about 10 korean and foreign lone star staff from leaving the country .
draft likely to be reduced
treasury secretary timothy geithner s job security takes another hit .
she was released and returned to her austin home on june 28 .
"argentina s merval index of the bolsa de comercio de buenos aires tumbled more than 11 percent , driven principally by stocks linked to petroleum industry companies tenaris and petrobras ."
the lights were dimmed or doused for an hour last night ?
"japan has been hunting whales in the antarctic and apparently plans to kill as many as 1 , 000 this winter ."
"the developers would not give cnn their last names , saying we don t want to be hounded ."
the league ii players can target the body part they want to injure on a football rival .
"hope , who estimates he has sold over 500 million acres of moon land , said he immediately filed a declaration of ownership with the u . n . along with the united states and russian governments ."
"on saturday , 90 license plates were auctioned off in all , raising a total of 24 million ."
the original roman streets are uneven .
many of those who turned out for saturday s protest carried national flags and placards .
"the idea is to get banks to trust each other again so they ll start lending to each other , and then to people in businesses who need cash ."
"u . s . commanders have expressed concern about a rise in violence and the growing presence of al qaeda in iraq militants , who have fled to diyala from other regions of the country ."
"griffin recently called the gap unseemly , but he has few options with the budgets nasa has been given by the white house and congress since president bush first announced plans to return to the moon three years ago . nasa has put the cost of returning to the moon at 104 billion , although the general accounting office puts it at 122 billion through 2018 ."
his family said it is distributing flowers already received to other patients at new york presbyterian hospital columbia university medical center .
japan s akiko morigami has withdrawn from the women s singles with an injured knee .
living in a cage in hong kong
one of the alleged victims in that case may testify tomorrow .
he s the being who replaces jesus on earth .
"the government says the numbers are inflated , and that many victims were either communist rebels or their allies killed in the communist movement s internal purge ."
the investigation is the first for the powerful firm since the asian financial crisis in the late 1990s .
"most spas take pride in keeping up with the latest trends , from organic ingredients to asian massage ."
"russia and iran signed a nuclear fuel supply deal long opposed by washington sunday , paving the way for iran to start up its first atomic reactor next year ."
more than 2 million people died during the party s efforts to transform cambodia into an agrarian utopia before troops from neighboring vietnam overthrew the regime .
"they were not explicit , and that was the difficulty the police had ."
"a us airways plane with more than 150 people aboard went down in the hudson river on thursday after taking off from laguardia airport , and everyone aboard apparently got off the plane alive , officials said ."
"hubble team members at goddard began a complicated process on wednesday to send computer commands to the telescope to switch over to side b , and hoped to have everything completed by midday friday ."
"i would say it is my intention to lead thailand out of the current crisis , to bring unity back to the country , to make our economy recover , welcome back foreign investors and tourists , he said ."
"a new report says consumer confidence soared in april , amid signs the economy is starting to stabilize ."
"last month , iraq warned korea that it would suspend crude oil exports if korean companies continued with the exploration project in the bazian oil field in kurdish controlled northern iraq ."
"men also were more likely to say they wanted to have sex with a woman and that they would be willing to spend more on a date if she were in red , according to the report in the journal of personality and social psychology ."
local reports said 19 were injured .
a house commerce subcommittee wants a national ban on the sale of collision damage insurance .
"the attacks came a day after the us senate unanimously approved an emergency spending bill authorizing a further 82 b for us military operations in iraq and afghanistan , among other activities ."
she doesn t want to hear about your disappointment in mcdonald s .
"ronaldo also collected the european player of the year accolade and was voted number one by fifpro , the worldwide players union ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"with apartments selling for 44 , 000 yuan , or 6 , 000 , per square meter , it can only appeal to china s nouveaux riches , further creating social division in what is already a deprived area of the city ."
i wouldn t be doing this job if i didn t think lleyton had a chance of winning a grand slam .
"the u . n . security council condemned the bombing , urging all lebanese parties to exercise restraint and stressing its support for the government ."
"striking railway workers have carried out a coordinated campaign of sabotage on the tracks of france s high speed tgv rail network , setting fire to cables and signal boxes and causing delays of up to three hours , france s national rail authority said wednesday ."
"rowles told police he was sitting on his porch saturday when a tan suv pulled up and a black youth jumped out and ran toward his house , screaming , this is for obama ."
this is a little revenge for the fa cup final .
"he had mentioned the cache of cash to someone , and he believes that remark may have led to the robbery , he said ."
"the plot described at an israeli cabinet meeting sunday morning was foiled after israeli security services passed on the identities of the militants to the palestinian authority , the israeli daily newspaper haaretz reported ."
meeting judges at the kwangju high court on sept .
"a second blast happened five minutes later , 8 kilometers about 5 miles away at a snack shop in kothi market a commercial area with large crowds ."
"he said the arles region , in the provence region of southern france , with its roman beginnings , and the rhone are propitious for discoveries ."
"it s also elevated the status of designers whose clothes she wears , especially chicago s own maria pinto , the woman behind some of obama s most notable looks ."
"currently , doctors without borders says it is almost the sole provider of these lifesaving drugs"
u . s . envoy jendayi frazer on monday said she was able to get kibaki and odinga to agree to talk under the mediation of the african union s chairman by relaying the concerns of the kenyan people .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"up to 500 people are estimated to have died across hungary last week , partly due to a heat wave gripping central and southeast europe , hungarian medical officials said on tuesday ."
"in wednesday s commentary , bush called on myanmar s military leaders to release suu kyi and other opposition leaders so they can meet with and plan for a transition to democracy ."
but relations have warmed considerably in recent years as the two asian giants have boosted trade and economic ties .
"vershbow was in the u . s . making an annual tour of major cities with his south korean counterpart , amb . lee tae sik , in an effort to muster public support for the bilateral alliance and the fta ."
yellow fever typically is found in tropical regions of africa and latin america .
"he had long served as an economic adviser to roh , but has parted company with him on this issue ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"bush called for a united front with countries who recognize the danger of iran having a nuclear weapon , saying the us was working closely with the uk , france and germany on the issue ."
"i m excited . . . because he s a kenyan . he s a half kenyan , a smiling woman said in a nairobi neighborhood ."
kojong had dozens of grandchildren .
but nobody in asia does culture well .
"he said he has invited putin to the bush family compound in kennebunkport , maine , in july , where they will continue discussions on a variety of issues ."
instead students will be tested throughout their school years on their language ability .
"at the end of the struggle , the military government of chun doo hwan had to give way to democratic elections ."
21 . not sending a thank you note
"that decision put the pressure on the president , who had been sidestepping calls by libby s allies to pardon the former chief of staff to vice president dick cheney ."
the president invited the congressional leadership to the white house on wednesday to discuss a compromise .
"seoul , south korea ap an upscale neighborhood a block from the presidential residence in seoul has a new cultural icon"
the storm damage made travel even more difficult in a city where traffic and road construction already make commutes tedious for thousands .
subway threatens the passengers .
even the moderate amounts that help prevent heart disease
"i was not aware of what was happening , he added ."
"nine of the 13 bases , including camp falling water in uijongbu , camp page in chunchon and camp hialeah in pusan , will be returned by the end of next year , about five to six years ahead of the original schedule ."
"29 p . m . et , about 70 miles from the capital , guatemala city ."
"sydney , australia cnn an australian man was shot to death after complaining about a neighbor s loud music , news reports and police said monday ."
"we ve also of course expressed the wish that this should be resolved peacefully as soon as possible . but of course yes , violence is not compatible with olympic values ."
college enrollment will be cut by 15 in 5 years .
"in killington , the green mountain club has been working this summer to finish a project relocating part of the appalachian trail to get it away from roads ."
"but preaching to people doesn t necessarily get results , says george peterson , an urban analyst with the urban institute , a washington , d . c . think tank ."
"that may have been precisely the aim of freud , who told london s tate gallery in 2002 that he wanted his paintings to astonish , disturb , seduce , convince ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
earlier reports from russia quoted the unnamed north korean official as saying that pyongyang plans to shut down yongbyon in the second half of july .
"i am special , i am special ."
"it is claimed that recruiting officers routinely falsify enlistment documents to register children as being 18 , the legal minimum age for recruitment ."
"since then , biologists have caught several young fish ."
"nearly 30 , 000 others have been wounded in action ."
imus isn t the most popular radio talk show host the trade publication talkers ranks him the 14th most influential but his audience is heavy on the political and media elite that advertisers pay a premium to reach .
"according to her friends , parvez wore the hijab when she started school at applewood heights last year . but after getting teased about the head scarf , she stopped wearing it a few months ago ."
police dispersed the crowd by firing into the air .
"john darwin is to appear monday before hartlepool magistrates court , henderson said , when police plan to ask for him to be remanded in custody ."
"samak sundaravej s people power party ppp won 228 seats in the 480 seat house , short of the 241 needed for an absolute majority ."
"but franchise centers are hard to find , and most believe the blazers got one ."
air and ground strikes underway in the remote mountain region are aimed at large numbers of militant fighters .
the hostages are said to be in good health but the rebels have said they will kill them if there is any attempt to free them by force or if the government fails to release a number of taleban prisoners soon .
"shaquille and shaunie o neal had four together , and each had one other before their dec . 26 , 2002 wedding ."
"horse racing is a serious passion in hong kong , but just 13 , 237 people showed up for saturday s races in shatin , the lowest figure since the track opened in 1978 , the hong kong jockey club said sunday ."
"nearly 200 million chinese will enter child bearing age in the next 10 years , minister minister zhang weiqing told the china daily newspaper ."
"six days before a mercury energy representative arrived tuesday at the house to disconnect the electricity , she was 122 in arrears ."
"russian orthodox monks and priests have already tried to contact the cult members who are reported to be mostly women , but members refused to speak to them , ap reported ."
". . . they shelled children and hospitals and mosques , he said . and in doing so , they gave us legitimacy to strike them in the same way ."
"the nis report said that there was physical evidence to support the possibility that , up to a certain point , the plan had been pursued as an assassination ."
hurricane norbert has lost some punch as it bears down on mexico s southern baja california peninsula .
man yi is the most powerful typhoon to hit japan in july and was expected to inundate the capital with up to 250mm of rain late on sunday .
"seoul , south korea cnn north korea cut off dialogue with south korea on thursday , claiming the peninsula was on the brink of another war ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"quoting unnamed american officials , the times article published monday morning said , there was mounting evidence that osama bin laden and his deputy , ayman al zawahri , had been steadily building an operations hub in the mountainous pakistani tribal area of north waziristan ."
closer scrutiny also revealed another sketch showing the infant jesus with a lamb .
living in a cage in hong kong
"the full scale verbal war is escalating into a legal battle , with both sides threatening to sue each other ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the 13 cities include seoul , gwangju , jeonju , daegu , daejeon , suwon , busan , ulsan and jeju ."
"in her books , including sex and the city , 4 blondes and lipstick jungle , bushnell has given the pop culture world feminine role models with which it can identify ."
"the fire destroyed an area called new york street , which includes movie set style buildings designed to look like the cityscape of new york city ."
it is the first time an english club has won the tournament in its expanded form while united did triumph in the old intercontinental cup in 1999 with victory over palmeiras .
florida quarterback tim tebow had three touchdown passes
your mama was right when she told you the grass wasn t greener over there .
here s the naked truth about nude recreation
"the first substance is epo cera , a new version of the endurance enhancing hormone epo ."
"chung myung whun , the director and artistic director for some of the world s leading symphonies , is to be appointed as an artistic adviser to the seoul philharmonic orchestra , a seoul city official said yesterday ."
"one park ranger was shot and killed late last month in a separate patrol post attack at virunga , officials said ."
"china already faces a severe water shortage , especially in the northern part of the country ."
polls have found that most americans believe that some form of life exists beyond our planet .
she had fought the disease for more than a decade .
tourist numbers are rising to antarctica even though this is a high priced vacation .
the officials displayed evidence of the armor piercing explosives found in iraq and said they have caused 170 coalition deaths . read time . com s analysis on how much iran is to blame for iraq
korea to double african aid by . . .
we can t find good enough beer anywhere but here .
the people s solidarity for participatory democracy on monday requested the prosecution investigate about 20 politicians and business executives for alleged bribery and embezzlement .
"it was a series of rallies by pad in 2006 that led up to a military coup that toppled prime minister thaksin , a wealthy telecommunications tycoon who now lives in exile ."
"in the early 1980s , the country s military junta launched a crackdown on political dissidents and organized crime under its campaign for social purification ."
reactors at the plant automatically shut down during the magnitude 6 . 8 quake .
"north and south korea along with china and the united states will start discussions to replace the armistice treaty which ended the korean war in 1953 with a peace treaty , a steppingstone to a normalized relationship between the u . s . and north korea , according to sources on monday ."
syria has denied any involvement in the killings and said the u . n . tribunal investigating hariri s death is a violation of its sovereignty .
"more than half of japan s citizens do not want their next prime minister to visit the controversial yasukuni war shrine , according to two recent polls ."
one man who arrived in phuket on tuesday from paris described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with thai officials in his effort to locate the remains of his brother .
"when you have cancer , your body is weakened , you re more prone to get infection , and certainly the treatments for cancer chemotherapy and radiation further weaken your immune system , so it s very common to develop an infection like pneumonia ."
"earlier , foreign minister abdullah gul , the ruling islamist party s presidential candidate , said he would not withdraw his candidacy despite tuesday s setback from the constitutional court , a strongly secular body , and urged parliamentary elections as soon as possible ."
"asked whether he supported a boycott , sarkozy said he could not close the door to any possibility ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
brent crude fell 46 cents to 91 . 48 a barrel on the ice futures exchange in london .
"the world sailor of the year award is a massive honor for a sailor , it s huge ."
"the pakistani leader announced wednesday he would skip a highly anticipated meeting on thursday with his afghan counterpart and tribal leaders , citing engagements in the capital ."
iraqi army says a female suicide bomber has blown herself up among a crowd of pilgrims at a revered shiite shrine in northern baghdad .
"estes said most of these children are runaways and homeless kids who trade survival sex for food , shelter and clothing on the streets of u . s . cities ."
washington slapped restrictions on banco delta asia in 2005 and put it on a money laundering blacklist .
"secretary of state hillary clinton on a visit today to ankara , turkey , says the obama administration wants even stronger ties with that country"
"in new jersey , rising complaints about bears prompted officials in 2003 to allow black bear hunting for the first time in more than three decades ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"sony blamed two factors for the defects adjustments on its manufacturing line from october 2004 to june 2005 , which may have affected the quality of cells in certain production lots"
negotiations have failed in the past because north korea wants the sea border to be redrawn further south .
"the peaceful gathering is part of the right to peaceful assembly and the iraqi people to voice their views , boylan said"
"two of those were confirmed to be sailors from the sunken ships , and interfax said the other three were also believed to be seamen from the ships ."
"appathurai also said thursday that he did not expect nato applicants georgia and ukraine to be put on a membership action plan this summit but , he said , the general sense in terms of membership for the two countries is not whether , but when ."
you see a lot of different things that sometimes it s
british troops started pulling out of basra palace on sunday night .
most other mammals don t have this drive for romantic love and attachment .
"agency inspectors will also now be permitted to re apply the containment and surveillance measures at the reprocessing facility , said melissa fleming , an iaea spokeswoman ."
"walter veltroni conceded to silvio berlusconi in the italian election monday , signaling a return to power for the 71 year old former prime minister ."
"cnn s dan rivers , reporting from near the myanmar thai border , said protests had calmed for the night wednesday in yangon , the country s largest city ."
u . s . to plans to cut its forces in korea .
"emergency workers fought to hold back overflowing rivers as the worst floods in 60 years engulfed towns and villages , mainly in central england ."
"some riders , including italian alessandro ballan , took a last opportunity to shine by breaking away during the eight laps of the champs elysees that also took the riders on the quai des tuileries , rue de rivoli and place de la concorde ."
"in a laughable decision , us magazine giant time has been ordered to pay 106m in damages to the former indonesian president suharto ."
but even god rested on sunday .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
an obama administration plan to go after employers who knowingly hire and exploit illegal workers is not much different from the bush administration s .
"battlefield helicopter crews routinely practice landing in fields and confined spaces away from their airfields as a vital part of their training for operations , a statement said ."
"one person dead , more than a dozen wounded ."
the nasa report found the astronauts knew for about 40 seconds that they did not have control of the shuttle before they likely were knocked unconscious as columbia broke apart around them .
another one could be related to the nation s most important horse race .
"election offices in 13 districts of sindh province were destroyed after bhutto s assassination , dilshad said ."
"it also focuses on how the society actually worked , with rooms dedicated to the lives both of the ruling elite and the ordinary citizens and how spirituality was expressed in art ."
a u . s . spacecraft beamed hundreds of photos of mercury back to earth on tuesday after a close encounter with the planet closest to the sun .
the ordinance led to an immediate decrease in secondhand smoke exposure .
they said the decision to free the women was a gesture of good will toward korean diplomats negotiating release of all the hostages .
"but by 15 points , 56 percent to 41 percent , debate watchers polled said obama would do a better job on taxes ."
the labor department says long term unemployment has hit a 26 year high more than 4 million people and more jobs are being lost .
"about 452 , 000 babies were born last year , up 3 . 3 percent , or 14 , 000 , from the previous year ."
"i think phil did a great job , countered chuck freedman , an it specialist from suburban detroit , michigan ."
petraeus also said he believes he knows who abducted the soldiers .
korea savings bank said it is soon going to offer an overseas real estate mortgage .
"kimchi is so pervasive in the koreas , north and south , that enthusiasts compare it to air and water ."
"according to the latest document , china has increased by about 25 , 000 the number of ground troops deployed in the area ."
"klein started building his man cave in pasadena , maryland , so he could have the bar of his dreams and a home theater ."
"according to the latest cnn count , obama has 1 , 629 delegates , with 1 , 414 pledged delegates and 215 superdelegates , according to the latest cnn count ."
"two weeks after cyclone nargis devastated myanmar , the country s reclusive junta leader than shwe visited a refugee camp outside yangon , according to video broadcast on state television ."
"harrell says the next thing she knew , the baby had fallen into her arms ."
"with obama holding the advantage in most recent surveys , the goal for his campaign is to stay the course ."
"chun , a woman in her early 20s with a dab of lipstick and crimped hair pulled into a bun , said u . s . secretary of state colin powell were all war maniacs and that expecting them to love peace is like telling a wolf to give up bloody meat and live on vegetables ."
"for weeks , south korea has been preparing for an outbreak of severe acute respiratory syndrome , which has gripped other parts of asia , especially neighboring china ."
"in the book , adventurers in search of the mines find gold , diamonds and ivory ."
"in the film , he draws a contrast between president bush and his father , former president george h . w . bush , whom stone says was a far more diplomatic commander in chief . we went to war in iraq and he did not go all the way , referring to the elder bush ."
"shah said late saturday that 50 to 60 civilians and 35 taliban fighters had been killed but changed his casualty figures on sunday , citing the investigation ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
we urge those holding the group to release them immediately . we are in close contact with the iraqi authorities and doing everything we can to try and secure a swift release .
an exit poll for public broadcaster nhk predicted koizumi s liberal democratic party ldp could win somewhere between 285 and 325 seats .
these muscles are bulkier and stronger but tire quickly .
"the national weather service confirmed a tornado in hugo , just north of minneapolis , and authorities also reported twisters in nearby coon rapids and blain ."
"four years after renouncing terrorism and abandoning its wmd programs , libya tuesday won a two year term on the u . n . security council ."
"morici expects unemployment , which reached 6 . 7 last month , to hit at least 8 . president elect barack obama tells nbc s meet the press the economy is going to get worse before it gets better ."
"the ministry of health and welfare said yesterday that 680 people were newly infected with the hiv virus last year , an increase of nearly 11 percent from the number of new cases in 2004 ."
"the animals were in the center of the lagoon and not near guests , she said ."
"the move comes as the united states is sending more troops into iraq in an effort to put down a wave of sectarian violence in baghdad and pacify the western province of anbar , the heart of the sunni arab insurgency ."
"britain plans to give responsibility for basra province to iraqi forces in mid december , relinquishing the last of four regions of southern iraq it occupied after the 2003 invasion ."
"less than 1 million of the funds raised in february can only be used if obama receives his party s nomination , the campaign said . all the rest may go toward campaigning in the primary season ."
ban ki moon was the only one of six candidates to escape a veto in the informal ballot .
"one of the most influential figures in the world economy , former us central bank chairman alan greenspan , has warned that the good times are over for the world economy ."
"seen from over the atlantic , the dense tropical jungle coats the volcanic terrain down to a turquoise sea and golden beaches reachable only by boat ."
"rangers and scientists have made contact for the first time in more than a year with critically endangered gorillas threatened by a war in the democratic republic of congo , a national park announced tuesday ."
"hours before the president s comments , the presidential office released a statement accusing tokyo of trying to bolster its military leverage in northeast asia by capitalizing on the latest missile crisis triggered by north korea ."
"o grady told the british press association that he had spoken to ballesteros brother , who had said the first operation went well ."
"of nikolskoye incorporating teams of local police , officers from the russian ministry for emergency situations and medical staff ."
he added the options while those cables are repaired were re routing traffic around the globe or using an older undamaged cable that has less capacity both of which would cause usage delays .
"xinhua said the pudeng mine , outside of linfen city , had been ordered to suspend production for unspecified reasons , but that the mine s operators resumed operations without a permit ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
an official from the meteorology department in jakarta said there were five aftershocks in the first hour .
"here , beer is the default drink ."
"but i am also someone with principle , with determination , with the confidence and courage to take up responsibility ."
"in 1993 japan issued an official apology for the suffering of comfort women , acknowledging its involvement managing the brothels ."
"i think it s you , you feel in continuity with all the pilgrims through the ages that have been here ."
jeon appeared before the busan district prosecutors office after coming down to the port city from the tax office s headquarters in seoul .
the united states rebuffed what seemed to be moves by china to get the united states to talk directly to north korea about its nuclear program outside six country negotiations .
"pfizer is threatening trendy new york restaurants chicama and sabor if they don t remove a seafood dish which contains mussels , shrimp and clams but no viagra , has been a popular fixture on the restaurants menus owing to its uplifting side effects ."
the net number of jobs lost in 2008 was nearly 2 million .
"the jury of six women and five men returned joint verdicts of unlawful killing through grossly negligent driving or gross negligence manslaughter , by majorities of nine to two ."
investors also were heartened by news that jp morgan chase co . raised its offer for bear stearns fivefold to 10 a share from 2 a share .
living in a cage in hong kong
"andrew stevens , a cnn anchor who was staying at the taj with a cnn crew , estimated about half the hotel s guests were westerners ."
last week she worked with conservation groups and volunteers to save as many of the birds as possible .
"for one , not all u . s . phones work in europe because of differing radio frequencies and technologies ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"founding member don henley said during a private weekend concert that the band was nearing completion on an album of all new material , the las vegas review journal reported on tuesday ."
the army of islam blamed hamas militants for kidnapping two of its members the week of june 26 while they were leaving a gaza mosque after morning prayers .
"the u . s . military on wednesday announced the arrest of a senior leader of al qaeda in iraq , an insurgent who , the military said , is casting himself as a conduit between the top leaders of al qaeda and al qaeda in iraq ."
"gaza city was wracked by fighting , with two killed after abbas called for elections ."
"as of friday , one u . s . dollar was trading at around zw 25 billion ."
"the change we seek is still months and miles away , obama said tuesday night in houston , texas . it is going to take more than big rallies ."
"several bridges were reported to have collapsed , cutting off communities ."
"they are projected to transport more than 100 , 000 passengers daily ."
daniel walker howe won for history for what hath god wrought
"the bomb attack killed at least 22 others , doctors said ."
"it s similar to taking a house and gutting it , then rebuilding everything inside ."
"speaking from new york , obama said thursday the united states must address the immediate crisis in the housing market in order to recharge the economy ."
al maliki said he believes iran is targeting u . s . forces in iraq .
clear plastic crates stuffed with lego bricks in every hue are stacked high against the walls .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
national service program director elie segal acknowledges that some of the mayors might have doubts about the new group known as americore .
the dow s currently down 81 points .
"lisi baker , 55 , uses a wheelchair , meaning that the trails that lace up and down vermont s green mountains are largely inaccessible to her ."
"it was the first for bruni , an italian born heiress who had a major modeling career and a well publicized love life ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
abbas declared a state of emergency as hamas fighters seized control of gaza last week .
"japan was a confident , youthful and ascendant nation , but also one that inspired nervousness , sometimes fear ."
"clapton s north korean debut may not be imminent , however ."
"the national prosecuting authority said it will charge the police chief with corruption and defeating the administration of justice , tladi tladi , a spokesman for the agency told cnn ."
"at the nali mall in the sanlitun bar district , you ll find a warren of tiny boutiques selling clothes , shoes and jewelry ."
flying with the flu ?
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the quintet , who broke up in 2001 , announced they had reunited at a press conference in london in late june ."
flightseeing tours may be cancelled if the weather is bad .
"she would help my father prepare his messages , listening with an attentive ear , and if she saw something that wasn t right or heard something that she felt wasn t as strong as it could be , she was a voice to strengthen this or eliminate that , said her son , franklin , who is now the head of the billy graham evangelistic association ."
"iran has repeatedly said uranium enrichment is its right and will not be abandoned , despite united nations demands ."
"the girl , who is now 7 , was found last month with her family in las vegas after a nationwide search generated thousands of tips ."
russia has a lost a brilliant reformer .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"during tuesday s hearing , a judge read the charges and not guilty pleas were entered for porter , who appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , shackled at his wrists and ankles ."
"to create the endurance mouse , spiegelman s group bioengineered pgc 1 into mouse muscle tissue ."
"the defendants arranged to have ivory from cameroon , ivory coast and uganda shipped into the united states disguised as wooden snakes , guitars and statues , authorities said ."
"there is ugly , and then there is ugly ."
"ousted chief justice iftikhar chaudhry was due to address the rally in the capital islamabad , but was not present at the time of the attack ."
"most of them are minor , so in many ways , we are blessed , suffolk mayor linda johnson said ."
there was no immediate word from police on the cause of the accident .
cnn rafael nadal became the second man to win four successive french open titles on sunday after crushing world no . 1 roger federer in straight sets in the final in paris .
"those comments are among mccain s most pointed attack at obama to date , a clear sign the republican nominee apparent is increasingly viewing the illinois senator as the democratic front runner ."
courtenay recommended that men with a history of depression see a mental health professional before the birth of a child to work through any issues that are causing stress and anxiety .
"and new yorkers are stepping onto the brand new r 1 model subway car , built by the american car foundry factory in berwick , pennsylvania ."
"he said he d always back me up if i got in trouble . he is a good man , stand up and loyal ."
"scott carson , the chief executive of boeing s commercial airplane unit , said the 787 remained on track to be rolled out of the factory near seattle in july , have its first test flight at the end of august , and be ready for delivery in may 2008 ."
"confusion reigned , however , when , a mere few hours later , sorial was quoted in scotland s the scotsman newspaper as saying there was no change to the plans , and the lengthy timetable of construction has nothing to do with the credit crunch ."
"the coastline of the andaman sea was especially hard hit , and aid workers have reported that bodies still line the shore in some spots ."
"this question shows your boss you are in control of your future and are not waiting for someone else to make things happen , onderick harvey says ."
zebari told a news conference that the interim government has received some positive signals from both countries about their willingness to resume relations .
"it apparently showed 10 young men , including the six suspects arrested , firing guns as they shouted allah akbar god is great ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"with time and rain . . . we can get these fires suppressed , said ira jolley of the florida division of forestry ."
former iraqi leader saddam hussein has told his trial in baghdad that he alone should be made to answer for the actions of his regime .
the five time wimbledon champion was bitten on his right leg by a german shepherd called when he tried to pull the dog away from his golden retriever at his home in sweden over the weekend .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"but bush critics , especially in the right wing of the republican party , claim that the president is lowering the bar for the nation he once included in his axis of evil . they say bush appears more interested in striking a deal with pyongyang before he leaves office than in making north korea honor its pledge ."
"last year the number of foreign tourists traveling to japan hit a record high of 8 . 35 million , up 60 percent since the government began the marketing effort in 2003 ."
bulgaria and the eu say the nurses are innocent but have provided long term medical assistance to victims and aid for the benghazi hospital .
"but garin , who started working at the park when she was 14 , already had been thrown from it , he said ."
"analysts are uncertain , however , how much influence thaksin who won three elections and is still immensely popular in his homeland could exert from abroad ."
"hormone changes accompanying menopause can cause hair to become thinner and more brittle , so scrivo recommends emollient shampoos and soft , gentle brushes ."
draft likely to be reduced
ben ainslie named world sailor of the year
"as a result , laws will be harder to enact , threatening policy deadlock and that may be negative for the stock market , said norihiro fujito , general manager at mitsubishi ufj securities investment research and information division ."
"originally , taejon was the self proclaimed hopeful to become the nation s open source paradise but the city failed to present the application ahead of the deadline ."
"the president should apologize to the public for attempting to cover for his aide , gnp floor leader ahn sang soo said during the party meeting ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
he denied the security services paid him to change his story .
"he suggests calling it mexican flu , since the strain apparently started in mexico ."
president bush announced the mission in washington on thursday .
"turkey s military said monday that 41 more rebels were killed in the fighting , bringing the militant death toll in its operation to 153 ."
"she eventually divorced and traveled to los angeles , where she retired ."
"fortune , which tracks the performance of the world s top companies , said slim has increased his net worth by 12 billion so far this year based on the market value of his companies listed on stock exchanges ."
the taliban knew that karzai was coming to andar district .
"the incident occurred in the khogyani district of nangarhar province , authorities told cnn ."
members of the technologically advanced group had more than twice the neural activation than their less experienced counterparts while searching online .
"severe sunburns in childhood may particularly increase the risk of melanoma in later life , so children in particular should be protected , doctors say ."
this differs from an earlier taliban account that both men had been executed .
"when she gets the urge to snack , she goes right to her computer"
"former president kim dae jung , who wants to visit north korea again in june , perhaps spurred the project forward by his stated wish to travel to pyongyang by rail , although it is unclear that the test runs could make such travel possible"
"i think we are now in a position after a very lengthy investigation . . . to start moving forward and trying to bring some resolution to this matter , glaser said , without saying how the dispute would be settled ."
"i think we are now in a position after a very lengthy investigation . . . to start moving forward and trying to bring some resolution to this matter , glaser said , without saying how the dispute would be settled ."
the country s economy s been racked by hyperinflation and an unemployment rate of more than 80 .
there is absolutely nothing about distributing newspaper content on a newspaper optimized amazon kindle that will help change the fact that newspapers are a dual revenue stream business whose days are numbered .
the action in pusan comes after another group of truck drivers in the major industrial city of pohang ended a weeklong strike on may 9 when transportation companies agreed to raise their fees .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"government and charity agencies distributed food and water to about 1 , 000 people left homeless by the calamity , the area s government administrator mukhlesur rahman said ."
the helpful crested butte staff issues another .
spears apparent foot bender isn t the first time she s had trouble behind the wheel . she faces hit and run charges and driving without a valid license from an august 6 wreck .
clinton could potentially add supreme court justice to her r eacute
"recording that kind of music was new for holzman and elektra , but the label adapted quickly ."
"i shouldn t have used that word . i came off the elevator and was confronted with what had happened , and i responded ."
the twin spacecraft give researchers the vantage point to provide the observations needed to validate the models .
"the decision to make public this man s picture was not one which was taken lightly , said kristin kvigne , assistant director of interpol s trafficking in human beings unit ."
draft likely to be reduced
the population of iraq is 26 million .
"following u . s . appeals for solidarity in dealing with north korea , foreign minister ban ki moon made a pointed declaration yesterday that pyongyang needed to return to nuclear disarmament talks unconditionally ."
the new hall will be used from the next parliamentary regular session that begins s ept .
adel abdul mahdi says negotiations are still ongoing and it s too early to give exact figures and ratios .
living in a cage in hong kong
"forces korea will elevate the legal drinking age from 20 to 21 , the stars stripes reported ."
"previewing the gathering s agenda , congress spokesman li dongsheng said reforms were geared toward improving socialist democracy a catch phrase for one party rule ."
this unfortunate error breaks my heart .
"economic growth slowed to 9 percent in the third quarter , the lowest level in five years and a sharp decline from last year s 11 . 9 percent ."
chapter 11 allows a company to continue to operate as it sheds debts and contracts it can not afford .
"what is truly happening and all honesty is a divine verse of god , haniya said"
"more than one million votes had already been cast before the polls opened on tuesday , either through absentee ballots or early voting that began on 14 january ."
emergency masks displayed on the trains may be no more than decorations with little use .
park is the eldest daughter of the late president park chung hee .
nader was criticized by some democrats in 2000 for allegedly pulling away support from democrat al gore and helping george bush win the white house .
"spain is made up of many different peoples , and five languages are spoken across the country ."
bao was confirmed last year by guinness world records as the world s tallest person .
"the violence spurred the creation of programs that give malays privileges in government jobs , contracts and education ."
ronaldo wrecks ferrari on way to training
three of his lovers had threatened suicide .
"european teams will play fewer matches to qualify for the 2010 world cup finals in south africa than they did to reach the 2006 tournament , uefa has decided ."
"because of the stalemate in parliament , prime minister recep tayyip erdogan called for early general elections . now , turkish voters are set to vote in july for a new parliament ."
"the swiss based iucn , founded 60 years ago , has a membership of more than 80 nations and 800 non governmental agencies like environmental groups , and also counts on 11 , 000 volunteer scientists around the globe ."
"haas , playing in his first tournament since wimbledon , where he withdrew with a torn stomach muscle , jumped out to a 3 0 lead in the first set and a 3 1 advantage in the second ."
business economist peter morici of the university of maryland says this is dragging a lot of things down with it .
"the oil price rose above 71 per barrel , up 89 cents ."
"lower house speaker yunus qanooni told lawmakers that joya s case would be introduced to the court , without elaborating ."
they ve already got twentieth century fox picking up most of the tab .
"thierry henry collected his 100th cap for france in tuesday s 1 0 win over colombia , playing 76 minutes in les bleus final warm up game before the european championship ."
the wowowee show is popular for giving big cash prizes in a country where 40 of people live on less than 2 a day .
"it was a different atmosphere for holzman , who up to that point was known for his label s folk acts , such as judy collins and phil ochs ."
but all this is changing .
"only time will tell , however , the full impact of this revolution on human society ."
chirac asked .
entire islands and mountains have disappeared to be used in land reclamation sites and for the new chek lap kok airport .
five ways to avoid germs while traveling
"saturday night live has been parodying politicians for years , sometimes with such precision that their catchphrases carvey s wouldn t be prudent , ferrell s misunderestimated have become more closely associated with the politicians than the politicians own words . but with the ever increasing crossover of politics and entertainment"
"in july 2005 , senna was the sole winner of a national lottery worth 52 million reals 24 . 4 million ."
the republican senator saxby chambliss is facing a challenge from democrat jim martin .
democratic senator claire mccaskill also was on the cbs early show .
"the princeton professor who won this year s nobel prize in economics is not so sure about the way the government is adding another 20 billion to the pot to prop up citigroup , one of the biggest banks in the country ."
"lee and other protesters , many of them elderly korean americans , came to washington this week to protest as president bush hosts japanese prime minister shinzo abe ."
"it is obvious that this bomb , at the moment it was launched , obviously would be destroyed immediately , he said ."
"an unresponsive smith was found february 8 in a room at the seminole hard rock hotel casino near hollywood , florida . she was taken to a hospital but was pronounced dead a short time later ."
"korea plans to provide more than 1 trillion won or 1 . 1 billion in aid to developing countries this year , a huge increase over what it donated last year , a foreign ministry spokesman said yesterday ."
those who could not get inside watched on giant television screens outside in the square .
"such pictures have not been shown in britain before but last year italian magazine chi published photographs of diana dying , provoking a rare highly critical statement from her sons ."
"pak rejected the economic and military sanctions and blamed the united states for the reported blast , saying the u . s . had forced north korea into rattling sabers ."
"the young , talented and headstrong conductor had the same strength of passion for his homeland russia as the hungarian solti had for europe ."
"abdullah tried to take the focus off the dollar debate , announcing the donation of 300 million to set up a program to study the effect of the oil industry on the environment ."
"flights from phuket international airport were canceled after the crash , affecting four flights to bangkok and hong kong and about 1 , 000 passengers , according to thai news agency ."
"australia s index rose 2 . 9 percent , and singapore s key stock measure added 4 . 4 percent ."
we deem the united states war exercise an act of war that annuls the cease fire treaty .
"baghdad , iraq cnn two mentally disabled women were strapped with explosives friday and sent into busy baghdad markets , where they were blown up by remote control , a top iraqi government official said ."
"every other country in the world that has an automaker presence , is stepping up to help them get through that because they know it s critical to their economy , it s critical to jobs , and it s critical to their national defense ."
obama chides illinois governor s decision to fill senate seat
"five weeks later , snow returned to the white house podium and continued to work as the president s chief spokesman as he underwent chemotherapy ."
"the sabhnanis , who have four children and operate a worldwide perfume business out of their muttontown home on long island s gold coast , could face up to 40 years in prison , although attorneys predicted the punishment would be considerably"
garnett may amend his 15 percent trade kicker worth an additional 6 . 75 million over the next two years in exchange for the extension .
"judging by the wear patterns on its teeth it also lived on a diet of bamboo , the main food of the current giant panda , the researchers said ."
"in april , exports surged nearly 40 percent from a year earlier to a preliminary 21 . 7 billion , according to the ministry of commerce , industry and energy ."
some say the new one might be subsidized if you buy a newspaper subscription .
treasury prices rallied as investors sought safety .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"that represents about half of the family s 64 percent ownership of the company s voting shares , likely more than enough to seal the news corp deal , the journal reported , citing unnamed sources ."
"roswell , new mexico cnn is the truth located in this remote city in new mexico ?"
"they need to bring in help from abroad to find a solution , said trader turki abdelaziz ."
"only domestic cartoons approved by sarft are allowed to be aired , according to the regulations ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
presidential spokesman ignacio bunye said arroyo believed that the majority of soldiers were not involved .
"after months of uncertainty , then a period of transition , we are beginning a new chapter in chrysler s proud history and we have the chance to write a terrific story , chrysler chief executive tom lasorda said in an e mail to employees ."
"the demonstrators , who marched some 185 miles from the central city of gwalior , say they have not only been left behind in the wake of india s recent economic boom , but have suffered directly from the growth , with many forced from their land to make way for government backed economic projects ."
a remarkable reversal of fortunes saw sunderland promoted as champions in keane s first season in charge and they retained their premier league status for the current season by finishing 15th .
flying with the flu ?
"it could be , if you re wearing an m dress"
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"the five tycoons have picked out three or four senior officials from each company to create a joint canal business team to work on a blueprint for the canal , as a prelude to bidding on the project ."
possessing the weapon would be useless for iran whose leader has called for israel to be wiped off the map as using it would mean an instant counterattack .
cua said he had no intention of relinquishing his cabinet post or his vice presidency in the malaysian chinese association .
john mccain wants to eliminate taxes on unemployment benefits and lower the tax rate on ira s and 401k s to 10 .
"now it is a seed upon the wind , taking root in many nations ."
"spending on health and education will be increased , as well as on environmental protection and high technology ."
the korea times reports the government is considering measures requiring all individuals nominated for ministerial positions to pass a confirmation hearing with the national assembly in an effort to build a more transparent society .
"he expressed serious u . s . concerns on the intelligence being picked up of an impending taliban and al qaeda spring offensive against allied forces in afghanistan , the statement said ."
"this particular morning , there are so few participants , i find myself helping out by holding a huge , centuries old bible while the priest reads ."
the patients underwent magnetic resonance imaging mri of the brain and reported how much they tippled .
"in his speech during a groundbreaking ceremony for the renovated jeju city in seogwipo , roh expressed his uneasiness about the possibility of disparity between seoul and provincial cities widening if former seoul mayor lee becomes the next president ."
"musharraf suspended javed from broadcasting earlier this month because of critical comments he made about the president , according to the pakistani web site , pk politics ."
"by suffering , writes li , he is repaying his debt ."
"overall performance was about the same as poland , hungary and spain ."
"hillary s son , peter , told the congregation adventure was compulsory growing up in the hillary household . he took us to the most extraordinary places ."
"companies still have strong balance sheets , strategic m a has further to go , said teun draaisma , strategist at morgan stanley . the u . s . bank has moved to overweight equities and cut allocation to cash following a recent fall in stocks ."
"teams of us navy and fbi divers have joined the search for victims of last week s bridge collapse in minneapolis , stepping up recovery efforts ."
"but j . david farrell , the attorney for 14 year old dillon cossey , said his client had no warning that pekka eric auvinen was preparing the rampage that left eight people dead at his high school outside helsinki ."
"los angeles , california cnn a court has ordered pop singer britney spears to give up custody of her children effective wednesday at noon ."
the us house of representatives has passed a bill allocating 120 billion of new funding for the iraq war .
"and 92 , 92 of them are killed with firearms ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"on june 1 , the u . s . government will implement the full requirements of the land and sea phase of the western hemisphere travel initiative whti ."
"america , at its best , is also courageous ."
"anthrax is a contagious infection that usually only afflicts livestock , but humans who handle or eat infected animals can contract it ."
we re getting back to basics with people . they are trading down from activities and moving into more affordable opportunities .
mccain s comments come in response to remarks obama made tuesday night in a debate with sen . hillary clinton .
"the 21 year old became the first british player to win four titles in a season after earlier triumphs in marseille and doha , and dropped only one set all week in the spanish capital ."
"when barksdale arrived in silicon valley , netscape was a chaotic corps of 100 employees , some younger than his won kids ."
"over the years , the fda has consistently disputed the center s assertion ."
"french president nicolas sarkozy and his wife , cecilia , have divorced by mutual consent , the couple s attorney told a french radio network ."
"vice president dick cheney said on nbc s meet the press , if it s going to be tomorrow or next week or next year ."
"although the research could have implications for robot pets , and that s close to what yohanan is doing , he s more interested in using it to understand human to human communication ."
"overall , the more alcohol consumed , the smaller the brain volume , with abstainers having a higher brain volume than former drinkers , light drinkers one to seven drinks per week , moderate drinkers eight to 14 drinks per week , and heavy drinkers 14 or more drinks per week ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the korea herald reports bad loans at domestic lenders shrank 15 percent in the second quarter , quoting a financial supervisory service statement that ignited a rally yesterday among bank stocks ."
this woman s hands calm the patient s fears .
"though genoa can t elbow past rome , venice and florence amid italy s must see cities , it is a fabulous spot ."
"on tuesday , dell dailey , the state department s counterterror chief , told reporters that north korea appears to have complied with the criteria needed to be removed from the list ."
"nowak , a navy captain , and shipman were both in a relationship with navy cmdr . bill oefelein oaf line , another astronaut , according to a police report of the incident ."
"in his bbc interview , williams strongly criticized the implementation of sharia to suppress human rights . however , he said that muslims should not have to choose between the stark alternatives of cultural loyalty or state loyalty ."
"the romans enjoyed cooling down after a hot soak , and spa operators say such rapid cooling of the body has proven health benefits ."
"pushing the canal plan through without thoroughly reviewing it will only anger the public and create more social conflict , the groups said in the statement ."
"the geneva based commission , in its annual study of the industry titled world robotics 2001 , said a record 100 , 000 robots were installed last year , up 25 percent on 1999 ."
pakistani opposition leader benazir bhutto has accused islamabad of waging a typical disinformation campaign by saying it planned to lift longstanding corruption charges ahead of her planned return to pakistan for upcoming elections .
"a few hours earlier , three people were killed and 11 injured in the rusafi district of central baghdad when a motorcycle rigged with explosives blew up , the ministry said ."
king calls the buyback deal a win win .
flying with the flu ?
an estimated 5 . 4 million south africans are infected with the aids virus the largest number in any country in the world and about 900 people die each day of the disease .
i don t think they ll be anything crazy coming out of it .
"twelve died in four attacks in baghdad , officials said , where a four month old military surge has now reached its peak with some 160 , 000 troops deployed ."
"the decision is seen as a positive step forward and a kind of openness that the u . n . secretary general has been pushing for in the past few days , unicef emergency communication officer mike bociurkiw told cnn ."
insoo clicks on the icon to read the new post and leaves a comment something insoo is expected to do as a 1 chon cyworld buddy .
economist john ryding of rdq economics says things are getting worse instead of better .
the indian countryside .
"carlos surprised us in the training sessions last week , he said ."
"dr . brown said scientists believe that when you fall in love , the ventral tegmental floods the caudate with dopamine ."
"tama now lives full time at the station , with her mom and a friend ."
"it attracted a youthful audience boys , mostly who fell victim to its colorful images , dripping in red , and gave money to its purveyors ."
that made the score 4 3 in federer s favour on his serve but nadal broke back .
"civilians complain of wide abuses in these operations , saying innocent young men are taken away and never seen again , others summarily executed or beaten ."
not wise to talk about .
the crisis in darfur initiative is the first of what is expected to be several collaborations between the museum and google earth to highlight the dangers of genocide around the world .
"it is practiced by muslims and christians alike , deeply rooted in the nile valley region and parts of sub saharan african , and is also done in yemen and oman ."
"by the end of may , 144 will shut because they are not expected to meet higher environmental standards , according to state media ."
"fed chairman ben bernanke says another economic stimulus package is needed as part of a broader , multi pronged government response to the ongoing financial crisis ."
"the orchestra is due to play in pyongyang today , and the concert will be broadcast live on local tv ."
"one protester s sign said the u . n . is turning schools into nightclubs , ap reported ."
"the daily joong ang reports the ability of emerging markets to offer u . s . consumers low cost alternatives to korean products is hurting the country s u . s . market share , according to the korea international trade association ."
"authorities there have closed the schools and kindergartens , and are spraying the streets with disinfectant ."
yang moved to the netherlands in 1987 and won political asylum after the 1989 pro democracy protests in tiananmen square .
but hezbollah issued a statement saying the building targeted was a mosque under construction and no hezbollah leaders or personnel were killed in the strike .
"this is cuban history , so there s an audience in there that probably , that could be the biggest critics and the most knowledgeable critics of the historical accuracy of the film , del toro said ."
rice also said the united states expected north korea to provide a comprehensive declaration of its nuclear
the remark triggered outrage throughout asia .
"the study involved 6 , 583 men and women who were ages 40 to 45 when they had checkups between 1964 and 1973 ."
"president has decided not to grant clemency to christian klar , koehler s office said in a statement on monday ."
"under the current guidelines set for lowering cholesterol levels , none of the participants would have qualified for taking statins ."
"in the new study , janet rosenbaum , ph . d . , of johns hopkins bloomberg school of public health in baltimore , maryland , analyzed the large chunk of data used in all the studies that have looked at virginity pledges the national longitudinal study of adolescent health ."
cnn swiss police were scrambling monday in search of three masked men who stole four impressionist paintings worth about 163 million 180 million swiss francs sunday in a heist police characterized as spectacular .
glasow has also worked with a number of actors .
"mississippi has 33 democratic delegates up for grabs tuesday , and with the race so tight , every delegate counts ."
germany on sunday guaranteed all private bank accounts and negotiated a 50 billion euros 69 billion bailout deal for hypo real estate ag as europe s second largest economy sought to ward off financial crisis .
"if they like watching their teams play , it s counter productive to chuck something on to the pitch ."
"the united states and japan have detected signs north korea is preparing to launch a ballistic missile capable of reaching almost anywhere in japan , japanese and u . s . government sources said on thursday ."
"china s delayed reporting of a sunken south korean freighter off the chinese coast has angered koreans , while the search for 16 missing crew members continued for a third consecutive day monday ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the storm also didn t stand in the way of dedicated christmas shoppers .
"last month , al zawahiri , in an audiotaped message posted on several islamist web sites , voiced his support for hamas leaders who maintain control of gaza after a split with fatah , a more moderate palestinian faction ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"hazem al araji , who read the cleric s order on iraqi state tv , said it applies to all members of the fighting force ."
"new mexico gov . bill richardson ranked fourth among the democratic contenders with 7 percent , while ohio rep . dennis kucinich trailed at 2 percent ."
that is coast guard captain james fitten .
spanish news media reported that authorities became alarmed recently when a known pakistani militant arrived in barcelona .
"since then , ecudaor has broken off relations with colombia , and venezuela says it has moved troops to its border with colombia ."
"still , there s no way to tell how much of a particular person s loneliness is due to genetics , said mark leary , professor at duke university who runs the psychology department s self , emotion and behavior lab ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"he said renovation was underway at the three most striking venues for the olympics , the 91 , 000 seat bird s nest national stadium , the water cube and the national indoor stadium ."
not that he ll be showing up at any presidential campaign rallies .
"mekong a treasure trove of 1 , 000 newly discovered species"
"i don t pay attention to that , the 49 year old singer tells ebony magazine ."
"they also include 51 japanese , eight americans , five chinese and two germans ."
the brawl broke out when more than 24 members of parliament from the ruling democratic progressive party dpp stormed the speaker s podium .
"since march , prosecutors have been searching for irregularities in the way lone star bought keb in august 2003 ."
"as with escalators , he sanitizes asap after using one ."
flying with the flu ?
"in that average , clinton led the senator from illinois 51 percent to 40 percent ."
hanami late march to early may
"kim , who was 33 , first went to iraq in june of last year as a translator for a korean trading company , gana general trading co , and was due to come home next month to celebrate his father s 70th birthday ."
"the survey covering 180 countries and territories , ranked them according to perceived levels of corruption among public officials and politicians ."
he told reporters it was an ideal start to his bid to become the first man since peter thomson 51 years ago to collect three consecutive open wins .
"the start of the match was delayed for about 10 minutes when rain began falling in the warmup , forcing organizers to close the roof at rod laver arena ."
the manchester united striker continued his rich scoring vein by putting england 2 1 ahead in the 50th minute and wrapped up the victory in the 74th minute with his fifth goal in his last three international games .
london trader gary thomson as the senate gets set to vote on a revised financial bailout package tonight .
"the man , who ran a transportation business , has four legal wives and six contractual wives an arrangement whereby a muslim couple enters into a union for a fixed period ."
"bush s comments come a day after a summit at the u . s . naval academy in annapolis , maryland , in which israeli and palestinian leaders agreed on a framework for future peace talks ."
"it lost power and its central computer failed almost immediately afterward , leaving it uncontrollable ."
davison said the british council had suspended operations in both cities because russia had made it impossible for them to continue operating .
north and south korea technically remain at war because of the absence of a formal peace treaty .
no problem if you weren t one of the 160 correspondents in the east room for last night s presidential news conference ?
"robert caban , owner of the polish transport firm that hired out the coach , told the polish news agency pap the drivers were experienced and the 7 year old scania coach had passed technical inspections recently in germany ."
roh became the first leader from either side to cross the border on foot .
"at first , the embassy told me that the first available appointment for my interview would be at a date past the u . n . high level meeting i was meant to attend ."
"north korea alarmed the world by testing a nuclear weapon in october , prompting the un to impose financial and arms sanctions ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the benches are surrounded by hedges .
organizers vowed to stage more noisy demonstrations during cheney s three day visit .
asian and pacific markets were mixed following a late rally on wall street that brought the dow jones industrial average up over 2 percent .
"rolandas milinavicius has been charged with two counts of murder in the shooting deaths of inga contreras , 25 , and martynas simokaitis , 28 ."
"in a seminar hosted by the korean economic association in seoul , experts said that unless there is a wholesale restructuring of the country s fundamentals , it is inadvisable to push for expansion that exceeds national growth potential ."
a group of right wing scholars are fanning controversy with their plan to publish a new history textbook said to glorify military leaders who rose to power through coups in 1961 and 1980 .
"the food and drug administration wouldn t say exactly how many cases of sleep driving it had linked to insomnia drugs , but neurology chief dr . russell katz said the agency uncovered more than a dozen reports and is worried that more are going uncounted ."
"lonnie miller , director of industry analysis at polk , said rising gas prices may affect some buyers , but they re not the main driver of hybrid sales ."
"the next four games went with serve before murray held his in the 10th , winning with an ace ."
"williams became the no . 1 after defeating jankovic at the u . s . open final , but the american will drop in the rankings after losing her opening match in stuttgart ."
the fao said it will provide a historic chance to relaunch the fight against hunger and poverty and boost agricultural production in developing countries .
"president bush , in today s weekly radio address , admits that he normally would not use government money and power to rescue banks and other corporations ."
"after a fire tore through a six storey building in vietnam s ho chi minh city that housed shops , a disco and several foreign companies ."
"speaking from the provincial capital , goma , another u . n . official , andrew zadel , said 8 , 620 displaced people had fled to the nearby village of nyanzale and 14 , 000 others were receiving aid from the red cross at kikuku ."
a recent poll found that 59 percent of american evangelicals believe israel is the fulfillment of biblical prophecy .
jackson said mac s death was a shock .
"corning says it s cutting 3500 people loose , that s 13 of its payroll ."
"bartz sits on the board of intel corp . , cisco systems , netapp and the foundation for the national medals of science and technology ."
"silva claimed that the star of the matrix , speed and bill and ted s excellent adventure struck him with his porsche in march 2007 , causing him to fall and injure his left wrist ."
a russian headmaster said on monday a court has fined him half his monthly wage for using pirated copies of microsoft software at his school in a case president vladimir putin has called utter nonsense .
"jihadist videos obtained by cnn , and narrated and subtitled in german , call on german speaking muslims to join the holy war against what they call an american led coalition against islam that germany and austria are a part of ."
nor did north korea admit to a suspected uranium enrichment program or what nuclear secrets it may have shared with syria .
"conatser said his store , virginia arms company , has run out of some models"
"stickk . com , founded by yale university economics professor dean karlan and two colleagues , helps people fulfill their goals by allowing them to risk their own money"
and he indicated that troop level adjustments must be based on prevailing conditions .
"the plane was forced to land in istanbul due to a technical problem , but its landing gear failed to work properly , dogan said ."
"baghdad , iraq cnn a sunni member of iraq s parliament is in custody after his arrest during a u . s . iraqi military raid on a suspected al qaeda in iraq gathering , u . s . military and iraqi officials said friday ."
"and if you look at it , don t take it too seriously ."
"after crawling out , they collapsed and were rushed to hospital by miners nearby , the report said ."
south korean firm hynix agreed to pay a 185m fine while german chipmaker infineon reached a 160m settlement .
"there has never been this many tattooed people in one room in a museum that haven t been asked to leave , said bob baxter , editor of skin ink magazine ."
"anyone entering or leaving the country with more than 10 , 000 has to fill out a one page form declaring the money to u . s . customs ."
but a feud between obasanjo and vice president atiku abubakar has heightened tensions .
soon after the cuts the international monetary fund imf warned the world was entering a major downturn and that many advanced economies are close to or moving into recession .
the korea development institute forecasted gloomy outlook for south korea .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
the two sides also failed on monday to resolve a row over the suicide of a japanese diplomat .
uropean car makers have described plans to force them to cut back on harmful exhaust emissions as unbalanced and damaging .
"that s what it s about . and walton s take on rhino , the creation of his pal and character designer joe moshier , was certainly memorable ."
security forces have been placed on a state of red alert nationwide .
flying with the flu ?
last year s pentagon report said china has deployed up to 730 short range ballistic missiles in the three provinces facing taiwan .
"on st . lucia , police said a man drowned in a river while trying to retrieve a cow ."
he expressed optimism that countries involved in the nuclear talks can be more flexible and reach a compromise over the issue .
at stake are 24 delegates .
google swamped with great idea submissions
but senior superintendent of police ahmad latif told cnn that authorities could not immediately label it a suicide attack .
officials will meet in the border city of kaesong to formalize an agenda for the meeting .
"the protesters , who planned to reach the border for a confrontation with chinese authorities just before the beijing olympics begins in august , were only three days and 75 km into the march when police stopped the march ."
"the storm forced schools and government offices to close , blocking major roads and leading to the cancellation of all domestic and international flights ."
"to keep cholesterol under control , maintaining a healthy weight and diet is just as important as taking a daily pill ."
"she called the princess a whore and she said that she was messing around with effing muslim men and she was disgraceful and said some very nasty things , burrell said ."
north korea has bristled in response to lee s promised tougher stance toward the north . he took office in late february .
"some reports say longoria has chosen a classic gown by los angeles based designer monique lhuillier , while others say she will wear a vera wang design ."
"military helicopters dropped relief supplies , but many of the more than 800 , 000 flood hit people in the southwest apparently got little or nothing ."
"roddick had revealed in february that she contracted hepatitis c through a blood transfusion while giving birth to a daughter in 1971 , according to the associated press ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the plan met with fierce criticism from local journalists , civic groups and political rivals who view the move as an attempt to gag news outlets critical of the administration ahead of the december presidential election ."
he said 31 civilians and seven policemen were wounded .
chung has emphasized that seoul played a leading role throughout the process of resolving the nuclear crisis .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"currently , election laws permit only those aged 20 or older to cast votes in elections , but the age would also likely be lowered to 19 ."
"in addition , president lee s first few months have been marred by bitter factional fighting within his own grand national party ."
iraq s new assembly is going to hold its first session .
"if we offer the right aid , the solutions will come , ban said at the opening of a a five day u . n . conference on trade and development in ghana s capital , accra ."
he said that the landing gear appeared to give way when the plane came down at the far end of a runway .
"there s no chance of getting hold of a ringside tickets , but you can pick up a standing ticket for about 500 4 . 70 ."
"it does not contain any provision against abuse , said yves leterme of the christian democrats ."
"lekima , named after a local fruit , also damaged about 77 , 000 homes , the government said ."
chinese stocks soared thursday after the government cut a tax on stock transactions in a move widely seen as an effort to boost slumping markets .
hundreds of volunteers are filling a million and a half sandbags to protect the city from the flood .
"the korea times reports song min soon , deputy foreign minister and chief south korean delegate to the six party talks on north korea s nuclear arms programs , said that no symptoms have been found to back up recent speculations that the north may test an atomic weapon soon ."
"at the age of just 23 , kim is the youngest player in the top 30 , and ended the year ranked an impressive 12th in the world ."
he says he could envision going back and forth between south korea and the u . s .
"investigators tried sunday to identify a suicide bomber who attacked a political rally , as the toll from the blast rose to 28 dead and 52 injured , including pakistan s top security official ."
"blacksburg , virginia cnn at least 33 people , including a gunman , were killed monday during shootings in a dorm and a classroom building at virginia tech , university officials said ."
"however , there was still time for endo to stroke home a calmly taken penalty after gary neville was penalized for handball ."
how death gave life to performance
"when cannes accepted my film , i suddenly got full access to the film festival , including the benefit of services such as free lawyers , says duke ."
"it would be made on behalf of the australian government and does not attribute guilt to the current generation of australian people , she said in a statement ."
"he adds , i get the plumb jobs ."
but his confession could be problematic if used as evidence because the cia has admitted it subjected him to waterboarding an interrogation technique of simulated drowning that has been widely criticized as torture .
hawaiian topped the list for most on time arrivals .
"park sang cheon , one of the heads of the moderate unified democratic party , tried to stop the exodus ."
"it s unclear how much of that sentence he served , but he was still on parole at the time of the alleged las vegas robbery ."
"vilnius , lithuania cnn unidentified hackers broke into several hundred lithuanian web sites over the weekend , plastering them with communist symbols , government officials said monday ."
"kazemi now has exhausted his chances for appeal in the netherlands and , according to tempelman , could be returned to britain on a short notice ."
"he first introduced the concept in his state of the union address in 2002 to describe the security threat posed by iran , north korea and iraq ."
she was incredulous that he would endanger their marriage and family .
"north korea s no . 2 leader pledged his country s commitment thursday to giving up its nuclear program in talks with a visiting high level south korean delegation , amid intensifying diplomacy aimed at implementing pyongyang s pledge to disarm ."
"the textile , steel and petrochemical industries are forecast to see a downturn in the second half of this year , and sluggish demand , the korea chamber of commerce and industry said yesterday ."
"north korea is unlikely to give up its nuclear weapons before president bush leaves office , a u . s . official said thursday ."
"new york cnn anthony bourdain suffered quietly as he dined on wart hog encrusted with sand , fur and fecal bacteria in the african country of namibia ."
hundreds of thousands of immigrants in the united states have joined a day of nationwide action to protest against proposed immigration reform .
"her mother was kept away from the well because of rescuers feared she would become emotional and upset the child , but her father was constantly talking to her to keep her conscious , authorities said ."
"responding to lawmakers comments on the future direction of the monetary policy , the central bank governor park seung downplayed his earlier remarks that the bok may raise the interest rate as early as next month ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"while the colorado researcher didn t know if the study participants were smokers or non smokers , the cdc s editorial points out that the new study adds to research from eight other studies , which also saw a drop in heart attack related hospitalizations after smoke free laws are enforced ."
"any attempts to distort or deny history would be unsuccessful , the spokesman said in a statement ."
"about the size of manhattan , it s !"
"the offer to end the confrontation , in which 19 people have died , came after troops pounded the red mosque complex , breaching its wall in three places ."
"jose segura , the central government s chief representative in the canaries , told ser , a spanish radio station , that the plane was carrying 71 passengers and eight crew members ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"also , iraq is an arab country , the majority are arabs , but this also will not justify for the arab countries to interfere in iraq ."
she s a lot like the millions of others who stood in line to make their voice heard in this election except for one thing
"the group thought it had secured a major source of funding in march this year , but the money never arrived ."
a u . s . official said tuesday that the pentagon is investigating whether iran was behind a january 20 attack in karbala that left five u . s . troops dead .
bhutto thursday told cnn that she intends to visit her constituency of larkana on saturday amid security fears after last week s bombing .
"i have great respect for the islamic religion and would not knowingly offend anyone , and i am sorry if i caused any distress , gibbons said in a statement read by sayeeda warsi , one of two muslim lawmakers who traveled to sudan to secure her release ."
"saturday night s six powerball numbers are 2 , 8 , 23 , 29 and 35 , with a powerball of 19 ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
loyalists of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra won nearly half the seats in thailand s parliamentary elections sunday in a striking rebuke to the generals who forced the billionaire populist from power in 2006 .
6 way talks recess for 3 weeks .
"the agreement between the two koreas was made after four days of talks in pyongyang , north korea s capital ."
draft likely to be reduced
cnn s kyung lah reported .
this is hilary fox with ap showbiz minute .
"so they feel a negative signal when they are disconnected from others , cacioppo said ."
"there are almost 1 . 3 billion in unclaimed tax refunds from 2005 , and you may still be able to get some of that money ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"angered at government action to allow more rice imports into korea , farmers blocked five major bridges over the han river in seoul yesterday , causing havoc on the roads ."
the crossing will be televised live at around 9 a . m .
"putting months of bickering behind them , opposition leaders morgan tsvangirai and arthur mutambara stood united to order mugabe to step aside ."
the democratic candidate s campaign singled out the so called enron loophole for allowing speculators to run up the cost of fuel by operating outside federal regulation .
would hillary clinton visit north korea ?
its effect will be more noticeable when the 2007 statistics are collected .
"i try to believe that people , even if they don t like me , will let the race unfold ."
"this is a clear victimisation of the indians by bringing forth a malicious prosecution that is race based , he said ."
"until then , china is bracing for more demonstrations ."
it s not too soon to start thinking about traveling next year .
"nokia spokeswoman marianne holmlund said that in similar cases in the car industry , less than half of consumers eligible for replacement had used the option ."
"meanwhile , the u . s . military was on the move against insurgents ."
and i understand that .
the supreme court opens its new term today with arguments over limits on lawsuits against tobacco companies .
"the case is one of several hanging over chirac , who had kept investigators at arm s length while he was president by using the immunity that comes with the post ."
but . . . these regions should be nurtured and protected .
"in japan , the benchmark nikkei 225 index closed on 13 , 325 . 954 points , a slide of 3 . 9 percent and its biggest dip in two years ."
"the shooting victims range in age from 10 to 68 , police said ."
japanese media said the murder appeared to be linked to an alleged controversy over public works contracts .
"downer and australian attorney general philip ruddock were not in the city , having been delayed in jakarta following a security summit ."
"early this month , the security council s sanctions committee drew up three separate lists of materials to facilitate the resolution nuclear , chemical and biological , and missile related materials ."
"during their time in basra , british forces have helped the iraqis take more responsibility for governing the area , she said ."
"awards at the festival include best documentary , animation , music video , broadcast design and newcomer ."
but the u . s . maritime administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore .
"wounded were jim handy , melihna tarra , dahnny jack and handy kendey ."
"golf legend seve ballesteros has had part of his skull removed to relieve pressure on his brain after complications following brain tumor surgery , madrid s la paz hospital said on thursday ."
these connections let the client computers communicate from one server to another .
hewitt won the u . s . open in 2001 and wimbledon the following season and was the youngest man in history to finish a year ranked number one in the world .
the catch is that not all off label uses have been thoroughly studied .
"china , the host nation , presented a third draft on a joint agreement but details were kept under wraps ."
u . s . denied north korean proposal for mutual disarmament talks .
"indoor and outdoor tables have wait staff , but anyone standing can order directly from the windows for beer and food ."
"but zarin mehta , president of the orchestra , said diplomats from washington and pyongyang both told him the trip should help in normalization of relations between the two nations that have often been at odds ."
"the bill empowers the president to appoint all five members of the tentatively named broadcasting and communication committee s standing body , although two members will be recommended by civic groups and other related non governmental organizations ."
president george w . bush is calling yesterday s shoe throwing by an iraqi reporter in baghdad a bizarre moment .
that prompted a us senator to call for all toys imported into the country from china to be inspected .
oil had traded as low as at 107 . 09 following the report s release on wednesday morning .
all the gorgeous older women i know carry themselves handsomely what s that about ?
"south korea also has about 200 peacekeeping troops in the country , which seoul had already been planning to withdraw by the end of the year ."
the theory has had an enormous impact on society
"the church demands that the order of creation be respected , the pope said monday , defining the nature of the human being as man and woman , according to excerpts released by the vatican ."
"she managed to answer questions from youngsters in boise , idaho , and alexandria , virginia . , earlier in the mission , and squeezed in a session with canadian students at flight s end ."
"right after i got the gig , a friend of a friend e mailed me and said , you know , congratulations , i m so happy for you , and also i just wanted to impart to you how great a"
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
esmin green was involuntarily admitted to the psychiatric emergency department of kings county hospital center on june 18 for what the hospital describes as agitation and psychosis .
that material also will be available when google earth users visit the darfur site .
many people have been afraid to return to their homes because of fears of another tsunami .
"three to four bank accounts under borrowed names were used for the slush funds , the prosecution said ."
"cnn a girl who was shown on a videotape being sexually assaulted has been found and is safe , officials in nye county , nevada , said friday ."
living in a cage in hong kong
but we still have to make further consultation discussions so as to confirm all the progress we have been made .
"in the past two years , she has found hundreds more , she said , leading her to amend an earlier conclusion that egyptologists have found only the tip of the iceberg ."
"other officials said at least one bomb apparently had been placed in a car on the street , where bhutto s supporters had gathered to see her convoy pass ."
"the country s official news agency says that more than 110 chinese cities are suffering from a severe water shortage due to a lack of resources , water pollution and a deterioration of the environment ."
"the 23 year old from britain , f1 s first black driver , was jeered and insulted when he moved between the mclaren motorhome and the team s garage ."
"there won t even be much in the way of partying afterward , since many of the studios have canceled their after awards bashes ."
"when you wink and nod at offensive statements , you re really sending a signal to your supporters that anything goes , axelrod said ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"bhagat denied there had been a breach of security . they were taken away because demonstrations are not allowed in that area , he said ."
"a side which was a world cup semi finalist in 2002 , and unlucky not to make the second round at the 2006 finals in germany ."
"most observers said they did not see zubkov as putin s successor , but rather as a"
the sum of this knowledge had increased considerably by the middle ages .
local uaw leaders are meeting tomorrow to talk over what concessions they might accept to help the auto makers stay in business .
"she left with her father , still dressed in her white gown ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the boy was found dead in his bed thursday in a suburb south of chicago .
"sergeant john russell allegedly killed two doctors and three other people , after being brought into the clinic for treatment ."
"and these input methods will be supplemented by speech recognition , which , along with biometric security , will be built into the os of future ."
"maybe they would stay with friends instead of checking into a hotel , but by golly , they were going to take their hard earned three days of vacation ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"outside , security forces ringed the building and closed adjacent tiananmen square to pedestrians ."
the jamaican won last year s commonwealth title but only after risking disqualification by veering into a competitor s lane during the semifinals .
"as for her 13 day flight , it was absolutely wonderful . morgan said she can t wait to see what schoolchildren and teachers do with the 10 million basil seeds she carried into space ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"a new ap poll indicates that 3 to 1 , americans feel more optimistic about the future under obama ."
"qantas has also faced its own troubles this year after one of its jetliners was damaged by a midair explosion over the south china sea in july , forcing it to make an emergency landing ."
"last week south korea s 14th century wooden and stone gate namdaemun , a 610 year old artifact in downtown seoul and one of south korea s most treasured monuments , was ravaged by fire after a 70 year old man , disgruntled by a land compensation deal with developers , poured paint thinner on it and set it ablaze with a cigarette lighter ."
drowsiness and dizziness are also problems .
"accompanied by her attorney , the 21 year old actress surrendered at the beverly hills police department thursday afternoon to be fingerprinted and photographed , officer brian ballieweg said ."
"united midfielder park ji sung , who spent three years playing in japan , has told his team mates not to underestimate the gamba team claiming that asian football is on the rise ."
"it s a career that spawned the parlor game six degrees of kevin bacon , in which players attempt to link any other actor to bacon based on the massive number of co stars with whom he has worked ."
"the dealer , identified only as a man from the german city of idar oberstein , was tricked into going to milan by the female suspect and was seriously injured by a car during the theft , investigator gerhard joszt said ."
"merckle , 74 , was hit by a train in the southwestern town of ulm , police said ."
it was the former arsenal star s 46th goal in his 100th game in the champions league .
"the taliban warned it would kill the germans unless the german government promised to withdraw the more than 3 , 000 troops it has stationed in northern afghanistan as part of nato s international security assistance force ."
and what about the tattoo of 666 on his arm ?
"that was just seven months before apollo 11 would land on the moon , and the u . s . would score a victory in the space race ."
"chun and roh , who took power consecutively after the 1979 military coup , will be stripped of nine and 11 orders of merit respectively , and will lose a monthly pension of 110 , 000 won , medical benefits and the right to be buried in the national cemetery ."
"we re florida tourists , so we know what it s about , white said . it didn t ruin the vacation , but it ain t helping the case ."
"myspace , in cooperation with partner sentinel tech holding corp . , would then provide the information to the national center for missing and exploited children so the organization could work directly with law enforcement , he said ."
solti admired his ambition to take the mariinsky orchestra outside russia and share its music with the world .
"after the break , navas equalizing from a superb cross from sergio duda in the 46th minute ."
"heads of the foreign ministry , the national intelligence service , and the national security council , are facing pressure to take responsibility for the bungled handling of the kim case ."
"braxton was released the following day , but last week s shows were canceled ."
us and japan have detected signs of nk preparing to launch a ballistic missile capable of reaching japan .
"according to the sun , madonna had wanted to wait until the end of her sticky and sweet global tour before announcing the news ."
tell us who s going to lose their jobs !
lythgoe acknowledged that the show suffered last year when finalists failed to top the excitement and star quality of performers from previous seasons
"about 200 workers from the united electrical , radio and machine workers of america have conducted what they call a peaceful occupation of the republic windows and doors plant since friday , when the abruptly announced layoffs were supposed to take effect ."
"the israel defense forces also struck a mosque that it said was a hub for hamas fighters and used to store missiles , rockets and other weapons , it said thursday ."
the segments will be sent back to utah for inspection by the manufacturer .
the zeppelin performance would also coincide with a new best of led zeppelin cd due to be released in november .
hilton looked forward and didn t speak to news media as she left court with her mother .
"your golden necklaces weren t enough , you snobs ."
the government announced a set of long term measures to tackle rising oil prices after an energy conservation committee presided over by prime minister lee hae chan .
"we had no falling out , no fight . we were really good friends , says schumacher ."
"critics argue the scandal is damaging the credibility of the global lender , amid a recently launched anti corruption campaign ."
balfour s mother has also acknowledged her son has been questioned about the shootings .
entertainment tonight first reported on its web site friday that the actress had given birth in france .
"communist china recently repatriated seven north korean refugees who entered an international school for south koreans at yantai , shandong province , the foreign affairs and trade ministry in seoul said monday ."
the party was banned and its leaders barred from politics for five years .
"how about 7 . 6 billion tons of waste ? that s how much american companies toss each year , according to the u . s . environmental protection agency ."
kim made it clear that he would stay away from politics to avoid influencing the elections .
"let us make up our minds , kibaki told lawmakers tuesday in urging them to pass the deal , saying the agreement was necessary to rebuild the nation ."
"but st . augustine is the nation s oldest city , and its 442nd birthday celebration is scheduled for august 28 september 1 , including historical re enactments , entertainment , and yes , a thanksgiving feast ."
"officials say two men in iran have been stoned to death for adultery and murder , while another escaped death by digging his way out of the hole where he was buried to face a similar fate , according to media reports ."
flying with the flu ?
"for each celestial toss , anderson leaned back on the end of the space station s 58 foot robot arm , as far from the space station as possible ."
"crude rose on word that oil exports from nigeria , africa s biggest oil producer and a major u . s . supplier , could fall by as much as 1 million barrels a day due to the nation s deteriorating security situation and planned maintenance ."
"lawmakers from both the uri and grand national parties on the finance and legislative committees had agreed to approve the bill when , in a full session friday , it failed to secure a majority , with only 107 yes votes out of a total of 222 ."
"i wonder , will our country live to see the moment when stalin is perceived as an ordinary person , instead of as either the devil incarnate or the father of the peoples ?"
a top u . s . official has told the ap that north korea has agreed to all nuclear inspection demands allowing the white house to take the stalinist state off the terrorism blacklist .
"along with a separate strike against the prime minister an hour later , the events plunged east timor into fresh crisis just six years after it voted to break free from decades of brutal indonesian rule ."
"once again the terrorists demonstrated their blatant disregard for human life by attacking coalition forces in a populated area , knowing full well that innocent afghans would be killed and wounded in the attack ."
"ibn , quoting police sources , reported hostages were taken at the both hotels ."
"the incident occurred about 12 20 p . m . as the soldiers were conducting a route clearance combat operation north of baghdad , according to a news release ."
but the nine are divided into two groups pro president roh moo hyun and anti roh .
"according to cnn s kathy quiano , the shaking caused many in the capital to flee their homes ."
i knew historically there had been a few jaguars sighted in arizona but in the last hundred years never in any numbers .
"five days later , almeida was summoned to a police interrogation and swore she was innocent ."
"global growth was projected to slow substantially in 2008 , and a modest recovery would only begin later in 2009 , it said ."
"on the way to wenchuan , a reporter for china s official xinhua news agency said he encountered five men who escaped the disaster ."
"gm s vice president for north american sales , mark laneve , says the separation is the result of discussions earlier in the year and is not related to the company s campaign for 25 billion in loans from the federal government ."
"kim jin sun , governor of kangwon province , to which pyeongchang belongs , told reporters during an intermission to the morning s presentation , some of the delegation members said in the q a session that they were deeply impressed by pyeongchang s effort to make the 2014 winter olympics a time of peace and harmony ."
"earlier on wednesday thaksin had appeared to indicate he might be willing to step aside temporarily , calling the idea a good suggestion ."
supporters and other people gathered outside the court erupted in applause .
"the brothers uncle , youssef belhadj , was also on trial , accused of masterminding the bombings ."
"not only are retail customers not buying at the local dealership , but we re seeing a fall off in commercial vehicles , big trucks , that kind of thing ."
"pro democracy activists rallied in the burmese capital , rangoon , to mark the 17th anniversary of aung san suu kyi s party s victory in national polls ."
"new york s other major airport , laguardia , also ranked near the bottom in both categories ."
ban is scheduled to arrive wednesday for a three day visit .
"burrell told the inquest that diana asked him to listen in on a conversation in june 1997 with her mother , frances shand kydd , who died in 2004 and who was critical of her relationship with muslim men ."
the prosecution plans to announce its decision on whether to request an arrest warrant for hyundai automotive group chairman chung mong koo or his son on thursday over their alleged involvement in the slush fund scandal surrounding the country s biggest carmaker .
the queen politely replied we are happy to be here .
there is no deadline for nk s return to nuclear disarmament talks .
the problem was discovered late tuesday after the spacecraft dug a trench inside a polygon shaped surface feature that was likely caused by seasonal expansion and shrinking of ice .
but it s unnerving to privacy experts .
that they have not been seen by the largest terrestrial telescopes .
"the movie is susceptible of no other interpretation than to inform the electorate that senator clinton is unfit for office , that the united states would be a dangerous place in a president hillary world , and that viewers should vote against her , wrote the judges in their ruling ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"cruise , during a famously heated debate on nbc s today show in 2005 , criticized brooke shields for taking anti depression drugs and berated host matt lauer for suggesting that psychiatric treatment might help some patients ."
kenyan president mwai kibaki had said saturday he was ready to consider a government of national unity .
"come on , i m a blind man who loves cocaine who was suddenly appointed governor of new york . my life is an actual plot from a richard pryor movie , armisen said in the skit ."
"a photograph taken at the scene showed the pilot , who ejected safely , sitting on the front lawn , making a call on his cell phone ."
the major s losing its team ever against the team that only knew losing up until this year .
"a powerful nor easter pounded the east with wind and pouring rain sunday , grounding airlines and threatening to create some of the worst coastal flooding some areas had seen in more than a decade ."
sum eacute and cover letter
"japanese prime minister shinzo abe said tokyo feels responsible for forcing women to work in brothels during world war ii , newsweek magazine reported ."
"beijing is reported to be spending at least 40 billion on the venues and related infrastructure , all designed to feature a modern country that has grown in three decades to a political and economic powerhouse ."
obama is taking the big tent approach to governing and wanted a cabinet that stretches the tent wide .
"ghazi said no to every offer from the government , according to hussain ."
fears that korean farmers could be harmed by the abolition of rice tariffs led to nationwide protests against trade liberalization over the past few months .
former socialist justice minister elisabeth guigou called sarkozy s escapade scandalous and indecent .
"juan scored in his league debut in the 51st minute and roma captain francesco totti added his second goal of the season in the 85th , after reggina were reduced to 10 men ."
al maliki said he believes iran is targeting u . s . forces in iraq .
"thirty seven americans have died in october , the lowest monthly figure since march 2006 when 31 perished , according to the u . s . military ."
"korean ambassador kang sung zu told the pashtun tribal leaders from nangarhar province that korea will not let any more of its citizens or aid organizations enter afghanistan and aid organizations that are currently in the country would leave within a month , afghan tv station tolo reported ."
"richey plans to spend his first night of freedom playing video games and watching movies superman iii , harry potter and the order of the phoenix , and transformers said his brother , steve ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"the team developed its own mapping projection software and then plugged in u . s . geological survey data on population , elevation and different types of land cover ."
sugar free gums and candies that contain the sugar substitute xylitol can lead to quick onset of toxic clinical signs that may include a rapid decrease in blood sugar and possible seizures .
"the us is leading a drive for greater reform of the un and analysts say washington will expect ban to deliver , having strongly backed his candidacy ."
it is important that we also take steps to increase domestic production and our refining capacity .
"a figure comparable to the united states , which spends more than 2 , 500 a person on health care ."
"just ahead of clinton s arrival , soon to be former israeli prime minister ehud olmert warned of dire consequences should militants in gaza continue to fire rockets and mortars into southern israel ."
the raid led to the collapse of a long controversial cease fire between the government of gen . pervez musharraf and tribal leaders in the lawless territories along pakistan s border with afghanistan .
"but since revelations in october that north korea has a secret atomic weapons project , even a small confrontation along the border now carries nuclear overtones ."
"speaking at a news conference , gen . oscar naranjo also said evidence in the computers suggests farc had given chavez 100 million pesos when he was a jailed rebel leader ."
"philippine president gloria arroyo has survived a second attempt to impeach her over allegations of corruption , human rights abuses and election fraud ."
"we have a timeline for the implementation , iaea deputy director olli heinonen said after the talks which he said were good , constructive ."
"expectations are high ahead of obama s inauguration , senior aide david axelrod tells abc s this week that the administration will focus on an economy that he says will take time to fix"
"this sends a signal to the groups that the world is paying attention now , you can be jailed for life and your assets can be frozen ."
during the trial the jury was told by prosecutor nigel sweeney that the conspiracy had been in existence long before the events of july 7 and did not appear to be some hastily arranged copycat .
the pc bang offers skilled game players like insoo perks such as free transportation .
"suicide car bombers struck iran s main shi ite holy cities of najaf and kerbala , on sunday killing at least 62 people and wounding nearly 130 , in coordinated attacks six weeks before an historic election ."
"the 33 year old said he and his partner , sean cohen , created the site after concluding that internet dating sites attract a lot of brave and desperate people but not particularly attractive ones ."
moroccan officials say they recently foiled a militant plot to bomb foreign and security targets in the country .
"al qaeda leader osama bin laden is about to appear in a new video , according to a banner ad posted by al qaeda s media production company , as sahab ."
obama administration officials say america s new objectives for the afghanistan war could be announced as soon as next week .
"china s mines are the deadliest in the world , with an average of 13 miners dying every day in accidents ."
justice minister chris ellison said canberra preferred to communicate directly with the u . s . government in its efforts to have hicks brought to justice quickly rather than write to congress .
she told the times she spends most of her time doing nothing but eating and sleeping .
"according to the annual report compiled by the information ministry and the national computerization agency , the nation maintained the ranking for a second consecutive year by receiving high scores in a total of 11 it related categories ."
"hundreds of u . s . and afghan soldiers have embarked on a major operation against militants in the eastern afghan region of tora bora , near the border with pakistan , officials have told cnn ."
"minorities seem to get more intervention , such as respirators , admission to the icu , artificial feedings , at the end of life when various studies have shown those interventions don t actually prolong life or improve the quality of life ."
"tuan tuan and yuan yuan , both four years old , had been living in ya an since the may 12 earthquake that damaged their former home in wolong in sichuan , according to the state run xinhua news agency ."
"so much so that large parts of jerusalem and much of the west bank , including ramallah , will be , in effect , shut down ."
"officials have said 500 , 000 americans are at risk of losing their homes as 367 billion worth of mortgages reset to higher interest rates over the next two years ."
"by 8 a . m . on monday , dozens of people were queuing outside northern rock s branch in birmingham , repeating scenes seen on friday and saturday , britain s press association reported ."
international flavor
critics say the political goals of the surge an iraqi settlement of the nearly 5 year old war have not yet been accomplished .
"as they do all over europe , churches mark pre christian holy sites ."
the cost of the troop increase could be significantly higher than what the administration has been saying in the press .
good boss protection strategy
"south korea will continue its stem cell research despite the anti cloning resolution of a u . n . committee , according to the ministry of health and welfare monday ."
summer sea ice is now forecasted to completely disappear in the summer months sometime between 2013 and 2040
10 . clean up your sleep
"physicist stephen hawking and his daughter are to write a science book for children which will be a bit like harry potter , but without the magic ."
"the death of david rattray , a friend of britain s prince charles and an expert on the 1879 anglo zulu war , has put south africa s high rate of violent crime in the spotlight again ."
cnn the family of missing british child madeleine mccann released two sketches sunday of a man who may be linked to her disappearance last may from a holiday resort in portugal .
flying with the flu ?
the alaska governor insists she never asked for the tens of thousands of dollars in designer clothing and accessories bought for her by the republican national committee during the campaign .
ford bought jaguar in 1989 and land rover in 2000 .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"specifically , it can be used in maintaining speed of reactions and visual and auditory vigilance , which in military operations could be a life or death situation , according to the report ."
"burma s official newspaper , the new light of myanmar , claimed the government was already on a path to democracy , and there was no need to be diverted ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"lee myung bak s tennis mire is deepening , as more questions continue to arise about his games at a namsan tennis court and who paid for them ."
"prime minister lee hae chan launched his harshest tirade yet against the nation s two most conservative dailies , urging the chosun ilbo and dong a ilbo not to rebel against history ."
"patrick kennedy , d rhode island , and sen . arlen specter , r pennsylvania ."
"that has forced systems engineers to study how various computing applications deal with time , and make manual fixes if necessary ."
both weight gain and increases in height come in short bursts of what can seem like rapid growth which is why kids can sometimes look almost chubby one month but lean the next .
"since the injury i have not run , rodriguez said ."
"at least two people were killed tuesday in an explosion at the entrance of the philippine parliament , including a lawmaker who apparently was the target of the blast , chief geary barias of the national regional capital police said . barias said rep ."
"shakeri , founding board member of the university of california , irvine , center for citizen peacebuilding , is the fourth dual citizen detained in iran in recent months"
japan yesterday banned a north korean ferry from entering its ports for six months and will impose economic sanctions against the communist country after it fired several missiles into the east sea .
"havana , cuba cnn fidel castro s nearly five decades of rule ended sunday when cuba s national assembly chose his younger brother raul to be the country s new president ."
but that could soon change .
police said they were investigating the circumstances of mrs muliaga s death .
bhumibol celebrated his 60th year on the throne with lavish festivities last year .
"the body of xiang xiang was found on february 19 on snow covered ground in the forests of sichuan province in china s southwest , the xinhua news agency said ."
"an hour before the start of the relay , thousands of chinese students thronged the park plaza , singing songs and chanting one china , one world slogans ."
maliki hopes that by announcing such a large release in one go it will help win over more members of the sunni community and undermine support for the insurgency .
it may take another day or two .
"model was also ordered to pay 400 to each of the police officers she attacked and 300 to miles sutherland , the captain of the british airways plane she disrupted , in addition to a 4 , 600 fine ."
"strong winds have been reported in the area , making the battle even harder ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"it s a question of execution now , like so many things ."
"the research group s consumer confidence index is up 12 points , its expectations index , which measures how shoppers feel about the economy down the road , has skyrocketed ."
draft likely to be reduced
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"hicks , shackled and wearing an orange jumpsuit , was then taken to the yatala labor prison , where he will serve the final seven months of his sentence in the high security g division alongside the prison s most dangerous criminals ."
"the audience is huge , especially for soap operas"
"no one has ever heard of another case of a six legged octopus , said display superviser carey duckhouse ."
"the president plans to name a secretary in charge of public information , the report said ."
it was meant to have shut down and sealed its yongbyon reactor by saturday 60 days after the deal was reached .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"a lot will depend on how quickly technology is perfected , according to thomas bush , the fbi official in charge of the clarksburg , west virginia , facility where the fbi houses its current fingerprint database ."
typical media they sniffed .
ftse 250 index stock bradford bingley fell 9 percent .
"islamabad , pakistan cnn pakistan s national assembly unanimously adopted a resolution monday calling for a united nations probe into the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto ."
"the korea times reports the kma has maintained a ban on drinking , smoking and dating , even marriage , among its cadets ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the protesters chanted slogans against president vladimir putin , whom they blame for rolling back democratic reforms in russia and persecuting his political opponents ."
bill richardson said he was very pleased with north korea s willingness to make progress in six nation talks .
ciccarelli also said the rape investigation is still active .
i therefore want to encourage public interest in space .
"john travolta got the role instead and , almost overnight , transformed from a hollywood has been into one of the most bankable stars in the business ."
beijing has always considered the island a renegade province and has threatened to go to war should taiwan declare formal independence .
chaebol on edge over samsung ruling .
"hushovd s fifth victory on the tour means the norwegian leapfrogs german andreas kloeden for second place overall thanks to time bonuses , with briton david millar now out of the top three ."
"the two nations have had a close relationship for decades , with beijing providing economic , military , and technical assistance to its neighbor ."
"and as musicians became convinced the so called virtual orchestras , computer generated music brought in to replace them , wouldn t work well , they hardened their position on minimums and walked out friday ."
"ukraine also disputes the new price set by gazprom for 2009 deliveries , which was initially more than double the price from 2008 ."
"amos kloner , the first archaeologist to examine the site , said the idea fails to hold up by archaeological standards but makes for profitable television ."
"a relatively modern city by european standards , madrid inherited its status as capital of spain s empire only when king philip ii fixed his court here in 1561 ."
we get to ski school and she s also lost her four day lift ticket .
"lady bird attended st . mary s episcopal school for girls , a junior college near dallas and then transferred to the university of texas at austin ."
south korean envoy chun yung woo said the sticking points touch on vital interests of many of the parties .
"according to the document filed tuesday , the hbo film , roman polanski"
"we know that parents are busy , but sitting down and watching shows together with their teen , talking about the character portrayals , talking about what they just witnessed , and really using it as a teachable moment is really , i think , a good recommendation from this research , chandra said ."
"howard , a staunch u . s . ally in the war on terror , says his government is unhappy about the delay in bringing hicks to trial but has resisted pressure to request his repatriation ."
"however , 60 years later , sitka is about to be returned to local jurisdiction , and the island s jews including a noted detective , meyer landsman are wondering where to go next ."
roh s remarks came as 130 leaders from all sectors of life issued a statement opposing the hasty relocation of the capital .
"the top priority for the spacewalkers , patrick forrester and steven swanson , was activating a rotating joint on the outpost s newest segment , allowing a new pair of solar wings to track the sun and provide power to the station ."
"with two best picture categories , the globes traditionally have had a good shot for one of its movie winners to come away with the top prize at the oscars ."
"many of the victims were burned beyond recognition , and officials said they may need weeks , perhaps months , to identify them by dna tests ."
"i could go and maybe would go , but i m not looking forward to it , says the 106 year old former socialite ."
but she hasn t ruled out playing against the men .
living in a cage in hong kong
the cost of the troop increase could be significantly higher than what the administration has been saying in the press .
it alleged the gemstone s owner then tried to go around the broker to sell the emerald to the same buyer for 75 million .
iraqi prime minister nuri al maliki released a statement condemning the news of targeting another symbol of iraqi religious symbols by the hands of the terrorists groups .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the wounded included two police officers , the ministry said ."
one pyongyang resident who said his grandfather was executed by u . s . soldiers in the early stages of the korean war had little love for americans when he went abroad to study .
"the people of the community of west end , particularly those who work at old bahama bay , certainly today were in such shock , and they felt the tragedy because they had become a part of the community ."
"the nts said thursday investigators from its seoul office paid unannounced visits on tuesday and wednesday to gangnam s star tower , where lone star korea is headquartered , to collect documents related to the fund s domestic business dealings ."
"i was holding my baby at the time , said mccready of her 15 month old son ."
"five days after finishing a disappointing third in iowa , the former first lady trailed obama by double digits in several state polls but promised she was staying in the race until the february 5 super tuesday round of nominating contests ."
"a day before his trip , lee visited kim dae jung and talked with the former president for about an hour ."
"complaints about uncomfortable barracks in england , comments on the hot weather in france and thanks to his family for packages and cigarettes ."
"obama leads sen . hillary clinton in states won , in delegates pledged and in the overall popular vote in the primaries and caucuses held ."
"he too well recalls that day , june 7 , 1967 , when israeli troops took jerusalem , the sacred city to jews , muslims and christians ."
joseph shoplack stayed at a red cross shelter saturday night in southwick .
"in neighboring uruzgan province , a battle between taliban militants and troops tuesday left more than 65 insurgents dead in a six hour battle ."
south korea on thursday asked the united states to delay its troop reduction on the korean peninsula by more than a year and keep its key combat forces and heavy weaponry systems here .
the boys seek their own diversion .
"reigning world cup downhill champion didier cuche of switzerland finished third , bouncing back after a disappointing 32nd place in saturday s downhill ."
they face the champions in a crunch match next saturday at the emirates stadium .
the humpback hunt is the first since a mid 1960s global ban and has drawn strong protests from environmentalists .
"new york ap harry potter star daniel radcliffe , who strips for his new role in london s west end revival of the play equus , has ignited a bit of a media firestorm by posing for racy promotional photos for the production ."
"rio de janeiro , brazil ap police in brazil have arrested the widow of a multimillionaire lottery winner , while prosecutors decide whether to charge her in his killing ."
"vytautas landsbergis , first president of lithuania after it was declared independent from the soviet union"
"she inspired people , she still does , and uh , look , i couldn t be happier with sarah palin and she s going back to be a great governor , and i think she will play a big role in the future of this country ."
"the new york times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate he and two other members of the team ."
and they have never seen a four winged dinosaur before .
flying with the flu ?
"but taking into account the poll s sampling error of plus or minus 3 . 5 percentage points for democratic respondents , the race is a virtual tie ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"when the party s 90 minute gathering ended at 3 30 p . m . , the banner hanging over the stage was quickly changed from evil laws on non regular employees to against the fta between south korea and the united states ."
"as more and more people go online for information , they re finding some big gaps in what government puts out there ."
"the finance ministry and private banks reached a deal late sunday to infuse an additional line of credit worth up to 15 billion euros 21 billion into the embattled real estate giant , expanding on an earlier 35 billion euro 48 billion bailout plan that would have found the government and private banks splitting the bill ."
"after that , he said , the stimulus package and other steps china has taken to boost the financial sector should boost employment , according to xinhua ."
"the 41 year old priest lifted off wearing a helmet , an aluminum thermal flight suit , waterproof coveralls and a parachute ."
the nation s household debts surged to 458 trillion won .
"the contract for march delivery of light sweet crude , which was expiring later wednesday , rose 73 cents to settle at a record 100 . 74 on the new york mercantile exchange after earlier rising as high as 101 . 32 , a new trading record ."
"but instead of the large green crystals in superman comics , the real thing is a white , powdery substance which contains no fluorine and is non radioactive ."
bahraini authorities have been closely monitoring future bank and took some steps after treasury s designations of banks melli and saderat to attempt to prevent abuse by this institution .
living in a cage in hong kong
"to hard core believers , as the folks with saucers in their eyes call themselves , this is their lourdes"
"so if you have superiority in technical intelligence , please share that with us ."
"i m really looking forward to renewing our partnership , australian hewitt told a news conference in sydney . we both know what we need to do to get to the top of the game again ."
"new talks between north korea , its neighbors and the united states over pyongyang s nuclear weapons program opened monday in the chinese capital , five months after the last round of negotiations , china announced ."
"while the two people seeking to be the democratic choice were vying to win the most delegates , they also were making the argument of being the most electable candidate to face mccain in november ."
"lawmakers are expected to grill him next week over his ethics and job performance , but they have no right to endorse or veto a cabinet nomination ."
"general motors is to cut 30 , 000 jobs in north america ."
madonna took david banda last october when he was 13 months old after his father yohane banda had placed him in an orphanage following the death of his wife .
the financial times reported the invitation to clapton was in return for the korean orchestra s british tour .
"with six days until the presidential election , the latest polls indicate john mccain is behind in states he must win to be elected ."
the police said saturday that dna testing by the national institute of scientific investigation showed the two dead babies found in the refrigerator of the french resident s house in sorae village were his sons .
"dozens of workers in yellow helmets rushed about the wreckage , some carrying stretchers with bloody victims ."
the car maker recorded an operating profit of 2 . 27 trillion last year .
while the iridescent waters off the coast of texas and louisiana reveal the environmental jolt of a storm surge created by hurricane ike .
"president george w . bush to be held as early as possible , the presidential office said wednesday ."
here s ap national security correspondent sagar meghani
the ambitions of some americans are limited by failing schools and hidden prejudice and the circumstances of their birth .
he is seeking the parliamentary majority he needs to pass his promised raft of sweeping reforms .
"this week marks 40 years since the six day war broke out . in the span of six days , israeli forces seized jerusalem and the west bank then under jordanian rule , the golan heights then under syrian rule , gaza then under egyptian control and egypt s sinai peninsula ."
"they also found a wig and a plastic bag containing a carbon dioxide powered bb pistol in a nearby trash can , the report said ."
"his body will be transferred to ocala , florida , for burial , he said ."
"piracy in the gulf of aden region , particularly in the waters off somalia , has soared this year with the international maritime bureau imb reporting more than 60 incidents in the first nine months of the year ."
he attributes his weight loss success to replacing tv watching with hard work .
tens of thousands of people have taken part in a march in hong kong to demand a fully democratic political system .
"we have two grills , chairs , umbrellas , they re much easier to take , she told the paper ."
"it is not proper for the outgoing premier to make recommendations in light of the constitutional spirit of naming of cabinet members , goh said ."
"australia s most wanted fugitive , a convicted drug mobster linked to the murder of a rival drug lord , has been arrested by police in greece after more than a year on the run ."
"the contract eased back to us 119 . 32 a barrel by midmorning in singapore , up 80 cents from friday s close of us 118 . 52 ."
be sure to keep anything smaller than the diameter of a toilet paper roll out of your baby s reach .
"before the ban on staying in hotels was lifted , cuban critics called the restrictions tourist apartheid ."
"a government source said merkel is expected to meet with president roh moo hyun during her stay in seoul to discuss ways of promoting ties between the two countries , particularly economic cooperation on the occasion of the 25th anniversary of the kgcci ."
advice to obama on battling presidential aging
"several hundred taxi drivers went on strike wednesday in chongqing , in southwestern china , after the government said it planned to put more cabs on the district s roads , thereby increasing competition , the gansu daily newspaper said"
the astronauts also set up a new camera post outside the station s newest segment and planned to install a debris shield and a computer network cable between the united states and russian sides of the space station during the planned 6 1 2 hour spacewalk .
"illinois governor backs workers , will halt business with lender"
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"it was great fun in those two years before the first concert , kaye recalls . literally after the first couple of rehearsals for every orchestra he conducted , solti would call in who he regarded as the star of the orchestra and say , my dear , we are doing an extraordinary concert in geneva , would you come ?"
"minister of agriculture and forestry park hong soo yesterday held an emergency meeting with prime minister han myeong sook , minister of health and welfare rhyu si min and oh dae kyu , director of the center for disease control and prevention cdc , to discuss measures to block the spread of the avian influenza virus , officials said ."
"his populist approach has won him support among anc rank and file , comparing favorably with mbeki s style of leadership , which is seen by many party members as autocratic and aloof ."
"the dogfighting investigation began in april , when authorities found 54 pit bulls on property vick owns in smithfield , virginia , about 30 miles west of the norfolk area where he grew up ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"earlier wednesday , in an interview with cnn , murray said plans were under way to establish a memorial for the missing miners at the site after the mine is closed ."
"the congress , held once every five years , is a crucial test of strength for president and party leader hu jintao ."
"the temple lies a little under a mile from zigzagging walls of the sacsayhuaman fortress , alongside an enormous rock formation"
"ban also repeated the government s view that washington will take more active steps in trying to restart the stalled six nation disarmament talks , which involve the two koreas , the united states , russia , china and japan ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"some countries have reserved the right to study the ins and outs of the deal , an eu ambassador said on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue ."
"the search effort will stop if no signs of life are found , bob murray , co owner of the coal mine and ceo of murray energy , said earlier this week ."
"roco and other proponents say that , for instance , filter systems for drinking or waste water , natural gas pipelines and smokestacks can be designed at the molecular level , to remove even the most minuscule of impurities ."
"at the moment of the kiss , there s a very complicated exchange of information . . . that may tap into underlying evolved mechanisms cluing us in on whether we re genetically compatible , explains gordon gallup , co author of the study and professor of psychology at the state university of new york at albany ."
magellanic penguins are warm weather birds that breed in large colonies in southern argentina and chile .
"the 315 306 vote followed concerns by civil liberties groups and others , who called the measure unjust and unnecessary ."
"the united nations human rights office on tuesday accused forces allied with sudan s government of mass abduction and rape of women and girls in darfur , acts it said could constitute war crimes ."
"sung kim , director of the state department s office of korean affairs , will head an eight member delegation that includes nuclear specialists , state department spokesman sean mccormack said ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"their bodies absorb some of the medication , but the rest of it passes through and is flushed down the toilet ."
"one woman died of cancer and the other from excessive fasting , he told the media ."
"it was just a perfect ending to a perfect summer . hopefully , we can do this every year ."
flying with the flu ?
"al libi was of libyan descent and was believed to have been in the afghan pakistani border region , according to the u . s . military ."
young said many people in the country of 19 . 4 million live in huts .
"when the couple appeared on the oprah winfrey show more than a decade ago , the famed host called it the single greatest love story in 22 years of doing this show ."
hold their hands aloft and sing we are building iraq !
a half dozen people have been killed in a series of attacks in iraq .
"the island is part of a free trade zone under iranian authority . under most circumstances , non iranian nationals do not need a visa to visit kish ."
"hundreds of thousands of secular turks demonstrated on the seafront of turkey s third largest city on sunday , fearful that the islamic rooted government is conspiring to impose religious values on society ."
many urbanites have happily ditched their own wheels in favor of such programs .
"the violence followed a peaceful rally earlier by at least 150 , 000 people outside the main parliament building ."
stocks are coming off their worst six day rout in years
"a planned 31 mile relay of the olympic torch sunday in london quickly turned into a dramatic scene of widespread protests , as thousands took to the streets to demonstrate against china s actions in tibet ."
pakistani president pervez musharraf announced thursday that he will end a state of emergency on december 16 ahead of upcoming elections a key demand by the united states and opposition leaders .
the korea times reports south korean diplomats are attaching no great significance to a senior washington official s remark that the united states would consider all the tools available to frustrate north korea s nuclear ambitions .
"brush your teeth , save your life ?"
"as expected , ballmer announced that microsoft is releasing a beta version of windows 7 , which will be available for download beginning friday ."
"although there is no law against tattoos , south koreans have considered them symbols of disgrace , often associated with gangsters ."
"i looked at my wife as we were watching tv and seeing the debates and saying , we need to have our voice heard this time ."
sixty five year old yoon jong soo fled last month and is now under south korean protection at a consulate in northeastern china .
"we re providing new information and pictures and asking for your help in solving the case , the fbi said in a statement ."
the gibson les paul guitar model with blue silverburst finish goes on sale globally this friday .
"in responding to the contraction of the automotive sales caused by recent global economic turmoil , suzuki has been promptly taking possible countermeasures , the statement said ."
north korea s official korean central news agency reported that bush s personal letter was delivered wednesday by u . s . assistant secretary of state christopher hill to north korean foreign minister pak ui chun during hill s trip to pyongyang .
flying with the flu ?
"the biggest wreck began in the early morning near ghantoot , about seven kilometers 4 . 5 miles from dubai ."
and now the montana legislature is thinking about scrapping daylight time .
the communist nation said it would take unspecified military actions to punish south korea .
"the 51 year old kennel owner told the woman she did not trust homosexuals and had read that transvestites sexually abused animals , according to the tt news agency ."
responding to the defense advanced research projects agency darpa s walrus program the company was given a 3 . 2 million grant to develop
"meanwhile , peter costello howard s nominated successor has turned down the post of opposition leader ."
"construction accidents in china are frequent , with contractors often opting for shoddy materials to cut costs and using migrant laborers with little or no safety training ."
"anastasia is one of four women who just completed a two year program at tandem , a small bodyguard school on the outskirts of moscow ."
"we respectfully disagree with the court s decision , and we re going to ask for a stay , said polk county attorney john sarcone ."
"president roh moo hyun will meet north korea s kim jong il in the north s capital , pyongyang , from august 28 30 ."
"in a notice posted at the venue of the conference , they said they apologize ."
"for now , the center is surviving on small private donations , but it is not enough ."
only 60 have been caught .
"we want more attention to our specific needs , our specific concerns , in intellectual property , in product safety , in opening chinese markets which are still not fully open , in welcoming our investment , ambassador serge abou said at a news conference ."
"after steve mcclaren left the england football team , my representatives maintained contact with the fa , said mourinho in a statement on www . gestifute . com , his agent jorge mendes web site ."
the husband cut the house in two .
the iaea said in a report on wednesday that iran was making substantial advances in uranium enrichment .
"we believe that this is a bold demonstration of our commitment to our core and a reaffirmation of our coffee leadership , said chief executive howard schultz in a statement ."
"according to the federal reserve board , some 250 , 000 households"
"dharamsala , india cnn tibet s spiritual leader thursday said he was powerless to stop anti chinese violence as authorities in beijing acknowledged for the first time that unrest had spread into neighboring chinese provinces ."
"unification minister chung dong young said monday that north korea presented a roadmap toward its ultimate abandonment of nuclear weapons during the initial stage of the fifth round of the six nation talks , which recessed last week in beijing ."
a limited trade deal has been reached in hong kong after developing countries approved a european union offer to end farm export subsidies by 2013 .
japanese girl born to indian surrogate arrives home
scientists recruited 41 college students for what they thought was personality research .
the bush administration signaled thursday that it may not be able to reach an agreement with north korea on its nuclear program before president bush leaves office next month but said it will continue to try .
shares in omx rose by more than 3 . 5 percent during the day after the daily telegraph said u . s . exchange company nasdaq may sell its stake in the london stock exchange to borse dubai and make a joint bid with the gulf exchange for the nordic exchange owner omx .
washington cnn a new brain scan study may help explain what s going on in the minds of financial titans when they take risky monetary gambles sex .
but analysts say anything less than a double digit win for clinton would make obama a clear favorite for the nomination as the party seeks a challenger to face republican nominee elect john mccain in november s presidential election .
"they pulled more than 1 , 000 people from under debris but did not say how many were survivors , according to the disaster relief headquarters of the chengdu military area command ."
"reduce saturated fat to no more than 7 percent of total calories , and cholesterol to no more than 200 milligrams per day"
i just feel bad because i don t know what i could have done . there s nothing i can think of .
"the official death toll from myanmar s leadership is at 10 , but there are reports that hundreds were killed in the wake of the demonstrations , which were led by myanmar s buddhist monks ."
"although their results are widely used by economists as a measure of the educational component of human capital , they still leave some things to be desired ."
"on saturday , the military had dug up a grave after seeing footage from an unmanned aerial vehicle showing people burying a body ."
"my goal is to lock in the progress we have made so far , to build on it so that this terrible trauma may one day cease ."
"in 2004 , petraeus , sent ward a postcard during the division s first deployment to iraq , thanking him for keeping his shop open during the deployment and giving haircuts to children of our families ."
kuznetsov was charged thursday with setting up a religious organization associated with violence .
"talk about it , both to yourself and to other people , dewett suggests ."
a salmonella outbreak that s killed at least 6 people is linked to peanut butter produced by a georgia wholesaler .
a shuttle program source told cnn the families of the astronauts who died were brought in specifically to look at the report and even in some cases to help with its preparation .
the 176 pound 73 kilogram male panda was released from wolong in april 2006 and had been trained for almost three years on how to survive in the wild .
the report notes the defense department expects to use fewer support troops than in the past .
"the united states is developing a proposed 20 billion , 10 year arms sales package for saudi arabia , a senior administration official confirmed on saturday ."
"motorists slid off roads as the storm cut visibility and iced over highways with drifts , sleet and freezing rain ."
"gendreau says atms , especially in busy places like airports , are full of germs ."
the crush of passengers meant revenues of 248 billion rupiahs 26 . 8 million for the system .
"a provincial hospital official said of the 41 people wounded , 23 received serious injuries ."
he s been playing some of his best tennis this year so it s going to be a tough challenge .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"providing them to more than 11 , 000 people ."
"i am confident that this team is what we need to make a new beginning for american national security , obama said ."
"in a speech at the university of tokyo , former president kim dae jung of south korea said yesterday that threatening to take a tough approach in an effort to bring north korea back to stalled nuclear negotiations will not work ."
i hope the tone is different for him than it has been for me .
"cranley , who s 24 , pleaded guilty earlier this week to charges stemming from an assault on a former girlfriend ."
"to access the internet , vehicles will need to have uconnect hardware , which chrysler will unveil to compete with ford s sync and other in car electronic systems ."
the government has put forth a document containing various proposals on how and when the city s leader and legislature should be elected .
the number of people traveling overseas surpassed the two million mark in the first three months of this year .
people around the world dimming their lights .
"after wolfowitz took over at the world bank , riza was transferred to a state department foundation and received a government salary of almost 194 , 000 a year , tax free ."
"according to courtenay , it s a double whammy . not only do our testosterone levels go down , but our estrogen levels go up and these female hormones coursing through our body can really wreak havoc on a man s functioning ."
there were conflicting reports on whether there were one or two blasts and whether the bomb was in a car .
america s 37 thousand troops in south korea are mostly a symbolic guarantee of u . s . involvement in any conflict .
"a bomb on a highway median strip in sri lanka s capital colombo killed one person and wounded another three early monday , police said ."
"it s weak construction . children panicked at a second school about a mile away when they thought their building was shaking , gaillis said ."
"it is half as big as the philippines tarsier , which has similar features ."
"after someone opened the door , an 8 year old child ran towards the costumed pardo , and he shot her directly in the face , police said ."
"movie audiences were more interested in light comedy over easter weekend than in quentin tarantino and robert rodriguez s grindhouse , a double feature ode to bloody exploitation flicks ."
"new orleans , louisiana cnn the bloodiest city in the country in 2006 , reeling from crime in its struggle to recover from hurricane katrina , got even worse in 2007 ."
ko is a common suffix for a japanese female name .
"meanwhile , north korea is pressing for settlement of issues stemming from japan s harsh 1910 45 colonial rule over the korean peninsula ."
"issuing the communist state s first official response to the u . s . decision , kim kye gwan said saturday in beijing that his country has not heard anything officially about the lifting of financial sanctions ."
the ap s steve gramm is in islamabad
"it was also the country s most expensive film , which cost 33 million to produce and the film made inroads into hollywood ."
"apple inc . chief executive steve jobs said earlier this year urged the world s four major record companies , including emi , to start selling songs online without copy protection software , known as drm , for digital rights management ."
former sen . john edwards of north carolina is in third place in the poll at 22 percent .
"ji is believed to be responsible for major terror attacks in indonesia , including the october 2002 bali bombing , which killed 202 people , most of whom were foreigners ."
"the surge began in january when president bush ordered nearly 30 , 000 additional troops to iraq in january as part of a campaign to secure baghdad and its surrounding provinces ."
"truckers and taxi drivers slowed traffic around paris business district to a crawl tuesday in a protest over rising fuel prices , and hundreds of fishermen demonstrated in london to demand government help ."
"about 2 . 6 million somalis now need assistance more than a third of the country s population , representing a rise of 40 percent since january , according to a may 2 u . n . news release ."
"it also demands proof that a north korean ruling party bureau , in the past believed to be running illicit financial activities including drug trafficking and counterfeiting , has been made inoperable ."
"in his acceptance speech , the nominee pledged that he would do his best to win the presidential race ."
"if you don t think you re getting anywhere with a sales associate , ask for the store manager or a supervisor ."
"sen . barack obama will win the virginia democratic primary , cnn projects based on exit polls . the polls closed at 7 p . m . et , and the republican race between sen . john mccain and mike huckabee remains competitive ."
the institute released a paper on the european union s stance on human rights issues in the north and pyongyang s reaction to the outside pressure .
he was granted bail and told not to leave thailand without permission .
"meanwhile , the daily kommersant said venezuela was seeking four submarines in all at a cost of 1 billion ."
it s also somewhat hard to avoid them
"suffered a major decline in population in the aftermath , the scientists said ."
"the attack set off a wave of sectarian violence between shiites and sunnis , who were suspected of perpetrating the attack ."
"the woman from dijon , in eastern france , said drugs were ineffective against the excruciating pain caused by the condition and there was no reason doctors should not be permitted to hasten her death ."
"ma ying jeou is being indicted because the investigation has shown 11 million new taiwan dollars us 333 , 000 of public money was diverted to his private account , between 2002 and 2006 , chang said ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
the river is already nearly 15 feet 5 meters above its normal level for this time of year and close to breaching its banks .
south korea plans to establish a law aimed that at better controlling the use of nuclear power and banning any attempts to develop nuclear weapons .
"for one thing , he believes human ancestors gave up much of this skill over evolutionary time to make room in the brain for gaining language abilities ."
"previously , the british had handed over two other bases to the iraqis ."
"johannesburg , south africa ap speakers decried crime in south africa at the funeral thursday of a renowned historian who was shot dead earlier this week ."
"we have our differences with syria , no question about it ."
"the korea times reports kim jin sun , in his last year as gangwon province governor , refused to comment on whether he expects pyeongchang to give the winter games another try ."
"los angeles , california cnn massive dogs belonging to mission impossible star ving rhames attacked and killed a live in caretaker at the actor s los angeles home friday , police said ."
the husband cut the house in two .
"pichushkin went on to confess to at least 62 murders and led police to the bodies of his victims , investigators said ."
"they would be willing also to seize this opportunity that we have to progress this nation together , in a united front ."
"the workforce is down from a peak 14 , 300 to 5 , 500"
south korea plans to beef up its military if the u . s . cuts its forces as planned .
"the 53 , 000 job cuts come on top of the 22 , 000 announced at the end of last year ."
"according to the lead author , dr . paul ridker of the brigham and women s hospital in boston , massachusetts , the pharmaceutical company had no input in the study s design and didn t see the final data analysis until the study was submitted for publication ."
the best route to the summit is along the knife edge ridge that begins to rise from near the lake of the moon .
"these measures will be implemented in france without delay , said sarkozy ."
"angry letters , powder sent to bank branches"
the ambassadorial job in tokyo has been vacant since yu myung hwan was chosen as foreign minister last week .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"backed by the bank , terrorists carried out the kidnapping , ransom , torture , execution and dismemberment of daniel pearl and broadcast those images nationwide , the lawsuit said ."
"some 756 square kilometers 292 square miles of amazon was destroyed last month , compared to 230 square kilometers 89 square miles in august 2007 ."
the cost of the troop increase could be significantly higher than what the administration has been saying in the press .
the biggest issue in the race has been the possible secession of the majority albanian province of kosovo .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"bangkok , thailand cnn the karen national union secretary general was shot and killed thursday in what the ethnic rebel group is calling an assassination by the myanmar junta , a knu official told cnn ."
the police have been under suspicion for their attempts to overlook a revenge assault committed by the hanwha group chairman kim seung youn and delay investigating the case .
the construction company manager was driving his car when he witnessed an ugly scene
"robben , who only played half of the 12"
ainslie s victory at beijing
"president roh moo hyun , seeking to quell controversy and growing disputes , has decided to delay his expected choice of a former governor as prime minister until the nation holds key provincial by elections saturday , according to the korea herald ."
"during his 41 years with bp , browne said he always kept his private life separate from his business life . i have always regarded my sexuality as a personal matter , to be kept private , he said ."
"the islamic revolutionary guard corps , or the irgc , and the quds force , an arm of the irgc , she said ."
"the beijing news reported that wong is under police investigation for stock market manipulation , according to the state run china daily newspaper ."
"london cnn barbara west dainton , believed to be one of the last two survivors from the sinking of the titanic in 1912 , has died in england at age 96 ."
the officials said it is less important to have north korea confess to its past activities than it is to find a formula under which the parties have an understanding of north korea s nuclear program .
"the movie version of john patrick shanley s tony award winning drama about sexual and religious power struggles at a bronx catholic school in 1964 , led the nominations for the 15th annual screen actors guild awards with five , including nods for each major member of its cast and an overall pick for outstanding performance by a cast ."
"it s now or never for me sadly it has to be now , henry was quoted as saying ."
"the fed cut the federal funds rate , a key short term interest rate , by a quarter of a percentage point on oct . 31 , citing an intensification in the housing market s weakness ."
flying with the flu ?
"london , england cnn amy winehouse s father in law says fans should stop buying her records to force the singer to seek help for what he called a drug addiction ."
"the young animals then migrate north between march and september , following their favorite fish , the anchovy ."
"hillary and bill clinton are again teaming up on barack obama this time saying the first term u . s . lawmaker , whom they have derided as inexperienced , would be a strong running mate on a democratic presidential ticket headed by the former first lady ."
the origin of vaccines
"while so far the research has only been conducted on mice , scientists say they expect the techniques they ve developed to treat the mouse muscle will also work on humans ."
"their talks are expected to focus on territorial disputes and increasing bilateral trade , worth 37bn ?"
draft likely to be reduced
"the fragile metal would have been destroyed in the early , explosive evolutionary stages of this particular kind of star , which like our own is rich in heavy metals ."
"zimbabwe is under international pressure to release the results , amid concerns that mugabe is stalling the process in order to remain in power ."
"there was smoke or flames in some cases , and small burns were reported in four cases ."
"from the viewpoint , the alps spread out before you ."
"i m looking for toys that meet all the safety standards , said duran , 41 , of atlanta , georgia ."
haggard now sells insurance and debt reduction software .
"as villages expand , they push the orchards and grazing land into the forest ."
draft likely to be reduced
"japan s cabinet said in a formal statement that it could not find any proof that the military or government agencies coerced so called comfort women into sexual slavery during the war , repeating a similar claim by prime minister shinzo abe ."
fallout this weekend over a black congressman criticizing the increasingly angry tone of some white supporters at mccain rallies .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
the white house called musharraf s announcement a positive first step .
leading french presidential candidate nicolas sarkozy and the office of president jacques chirac both denied a news report on wednesday alleging that the two men had struck a deal to protect chirac from prosecution once his judicial immunity runs out next month .
flying with the flu ?
"obama returned fire while campaigning in wisconsin on wednesday , saying , it s clear he knows who his opponent s going to be , and i m looking forward to a great debate on the issues with john mccain ."
"the two other security officials , who also spoke on condition of anonymity for the same reason , corroborated his account ."
the game had almost all the ingredients fox could have hoped for
"karzai finished his speech and his security detail whisked him off by helicopter to kabul , witnesses and officials said ."
"peter s square for his traditional noontime blessing that he would travel to holy land to retrace the steps of jesus christ in a pilgrimage , and use his voyage to pray for peace and unity for the middle east and the whole of humanity ."
flying with the flu ?
"in fact , the rotten economy became sort of a theme , with many party ers dressed in costumes that riffed on bailouts and the stimulus ."
"for 10 days through december . 28 , williams kept hubble trained on a narrow stretch of sky near the handle of the big dipper that is uncluttered by nearby objects ."
robinho was the creator again as he set up van nistelrooy for a fourth before the break .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"he further called uribe a criminal , liar and gangster ."
"twelve american presidents owned slaves and eight of them , starting with washington , owned slaves while they lived in the white house ."
"the police statement identified her only by her initials , a . d ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
he says he is god .
"a statue worth more than 10 , 000 that was stolen from the palm beach , florida , estate of wall street investment adviser bernard madoff has been recovered , police said thursday ."
"pakistani officials have been vague on shah and zaman s links to bhutto s killing , and have said they have not been named as official suspects ."
the country s electoral body on sunday backed the parliament elected in february s disputed polls that led to the removal of president askar akayev .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"that climb 50 years ago had a big effect on the way we new zealanders regarded ourselves and our country , prime minister helen clark said at a recent parliamentary reception ."
"the northeast was hurting worst with building off nearly 21 , but the west didn t do much better ."
"president hu jintao has wrapped up a rare visit to north korea , the first by communist china s most senior leader since 2001 ."
"the seoul western district court rejected the warrant request to detain shin , saying she is not a flight risk ."
"for nearly a decade snipes has engaged in a campaign of criminal tax conduct combining brazen defiance with insidious concealment , the prosecutors say ."
"in the brightly drawn sequel , as technically smooth as we ve come to expect from the dreamworks cartoon factory , all four use their time in africa the land of their ancestors ! as an opportunity for personal growth , only to wind up more or less the way they always were ."
forty three suspected north korean defectors broke into the canadian embassy in beijing yesterday .
"the small cruise vessel , the alexey maryshev , was carrying about 50 british tourists and a crew of 20 russians ."
"robert hopkin , of gibraltar , said darwin came to see him in november 2005 over the sale of a 60 foot catamaran worth pound 45 , 000 91 , 000 ."
"but before that , more than one million kerry supporters learned the news via e mail ."
"studies show that germs can travel easily on an airplane , where people are packed together like sardines ."
amassing huge trillions of dollars worth of debt on the backs of our children is not the way forward .
"at least 40 other people remain missing , said alberto visual , a director in peru s civil defense agency ."
"the staid displays don t attract droves of youths who have hipper places to go , so there s peace and space to ponder a spicy , healthy dish that is part of korea s heritage , as well as diet ."
"a bbc correspondent said that might explain why the country remained on its highest state of security alert critical , which means an attack is expected imminently ."
"it s another overwhelming moment in my career , said 23 year old ronaldo who received the award from brazilian legend pele . it s a tremendously emotional moment and a dream come true ."
"in the study , 100 adults with spouses or long term partners were told to hold hands while viewing a pleasant 10 minute video , then asked to hug for 20 seconds ."
"one of the trial prosecutors , who was also at the execution , said two top officials had mobiles with them ."
"secretary general ban ki moon will press for speedy deployment of a 26 , 000 strong peacekeeping force in darfur and a quick start to new peace talks to end the four year conflict there during his visit to sudan starting monday ."
"obama , meanwhile , said monday a crackdown is needed on oil companies ."
"the weekend briefing generated much controversy , with bloggers , journalists and others questioning whether the military was trying to drum up public sentiment for a confrontation with iran ."
"controllers launched the ibex craft on sunday afternoon from the kwajalein atoll , part of the marshall islands in the south pacific ."
"clinton led sen . barack obama in published polls going into the primary , the biggest remaining contest of the democratic presidential race ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the team boasts seven players who are former or current japan international representatives
"and ba are partners in the oneworld global alliance , an umbrella which links 10 of the world s carriers , including american airlines and cathay pacific ."
police there say the 63 year old suspect illegally treated hundreds of patients in his home .
"chung himself has made a bid for leniency , apologizing in court for causing trouble over this case and pledging to make hyundai the world s no . 5 automaker if given the chance ."
you didn t have the largest banks in the country unwilling to lend to each other .
"the 5 day gathering wrapped up today amid the realization that the depth of the crisis is still unknown , and the solution remains elusive ."
the bill faltered in the senate earlier this month when it failed to win the backing of enough republicans to move to a final vote .
ainslie s victory at beijing
observers had said a senate loss could spell a new period of instability in italian politics .
"i do know that another one of my neighbors , miss lena knowles , did save my baby girl ."
a deputy prime minister who was charged with negotiating with the demonstrators resigned over the crackdown .
they will also be able to marry without parents consent .
"tonight , i can stand before you and say that i will be the democratic nominee for president of the united states ."
interest on mortgage loans worth 20 trillion won is 80 percent related to certificate of deposit rates .
"however it happened , here is no doubt that newton s insight was brilliant"
more will be expected just before bush leaves office in january .
roh says prosecutors need civilian control .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the 75 year old rather , whose final months were clouded by controversy over the report , says the complaint stems from cbs intentional mishandling of the aftermath of the story ."
"former republican congressman , cabinet member and vice presidential candidate jack kemp has died of cancer at age 73 ."
"in recent years , pollack produced many independent films with filmmaker anthony minghella and the production company mirage enterprises ."
"now zink and polaroid are based in the same complex in waltham , massachusetts ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"north kingstown , rhode island cnn a man has been charged with extorting more than 20 , 000 from his elderly mother by repeatedly threatening to kidnap her beloved cat and demanding ransom , police said ."
"we got the story live from the white house , with ap correspondent mark smith ,"
"among the dead were a 13 year old girl , a 16 year old girl , a 14 year old boy and three 18 year old boys ."
"eighteen people , including 10 airline workers at new york s john f . kennedy international airport , appeared in federal court tuesday on international drug smuggling and distribution charges ."
"it is now time for the new york yankees to move forward , team president randy levine said ."
"plame was very disappointed and planned to appeal , her lawyer said ."
"and all of us recognize that this is a serious global crisis , and therefore requires a serious global response for the good of our people ."
"he won t say exactly how many soldiers that will entail , but did say it s more than ten thousand ."
"son of legendary film couple sunil dutt and nargis , the heavy set actor has been on bail since 1995 after more than a year in prison during initial investigations into the blasts ."
"in their joint statement , the two leaders welcomed china s role in hosting a three way meeting last month that included the north and the united states ."
"a limited number of of 64 bit desktop pcs also are expected to ship in 2001 , following the delivery of intel s 64 bit itanium processor ."
"if it went straight to cochin they would get a lot closer to the danger area , he said ."
"relaxing your body will actually turn down your heart rate . we ve shown that certain types of meditation will actually lower this inflammatory response to stress , which is undoubtedly a big player in heart disease ."
"initial reports suggest the crash was an accident and enemy fire was not involved , british defense secretary des browne said ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"navy cmdr . bill oefelein told investigators he and nowak had been involved in a sexual relationship that he ended in january 2007 , two months after meeting air force capt . colleen shipman ."
the agency said it is notifying all poultry keepers in britain and that the european commission has also been informed .
"retailers are not looking forward to the holiday season , not with this morning s word that retail sales plummeted last month , making for the weakest october level in almost 40 years ."
"the bangkok airports have been closed for two days , leaving the city without any access to air traffic , stranding thousands of passengers and dealing a severe blow to the economy at the height of the tourist season ."
"police brought the situation under control but then bulgaria fans whistled during the playing of the italian anthem and italian fans burned bulgarian flags , the ansa news agency reported ."
"on thursday , afghan and nato forces launched an operation in neighboring helmand province s sangin district , a defense ministry statement said ."
it will send roh an official document asking him to respect the law .
"storm surge flooding over the north carolina outer banks will gradually subside overnight , the hurricane center said ."
"aside from that , there s not a whole lot that one can do ."
"we have an effective transit contract . without natural gas , some ukrainians could be in for chilly days and nights ."
"but china s foreign ministry defended the death penalty , saying china limited it to a small number of criminals ."
his parents were rendered speechless .
"islamabad , pakistan pakistan has condemned britain s award of a knighthood to author salman rushdie as an affront to muslim sentiments , and a cabinet minister said the honor provided a justification for suicide attacks ."
also on board were a russian pilot and five cambodian crew members .
"kibaki made his first trip to a trouble spot , addressing more than 1 , 000 refugees in western kenya , many of whom had fled blazing homes , pursued by rock throwing mobs wielding machetes and bows and arrows ."
"glaciers are shrinking at record rates and many could disappear within decades , the u . n . environment program said sunday ."
the first volume of three focusing on the united states was published in 2004 .
"reeling from the defeat of it s unpopular plan to relocate the national capital out of seoul , the governing uri party began an effort yesterday to revise the laws governing the constitutional court , claiming that the nation s highest court is filled with overly conservative judges ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
oklahoma city bomber convicted for 161 murders .
"members of a marine mammal conservation group who attacked japanese whalers off antarctica , injuring two of them , are terrorists , japan s fisheries agency said ."
"march , and eyeglasses"
"organizers of the event , which saw a procession of flaming torches march through the historic town before igniting a bonfire and detonating the effigy , say the politically themed pyrotechnics were not meant to cause offense ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
neither shoe hit the out going president .
most car rental companies are self insured and simply getting a free ride from consumers .
"prime minister al maliki s a good guy good man with a difficult job and i support him , bush said . and it s not up to the politicians in washington , d . c . , to say whether he will remain in his position ."
the us study features in the journals science and cell .
"what he said is , he wants a plan big enough to deal with the large challenges we face ."
"when we called the parents of the teenagers , some of them refused to come to the station to meet them , said a police officer ."
"clinton also now trails obama when it comes to the support of superdelegates , and her campaign is 20 million in the red ."
"raviv shapira , who heads the southern district of the israel nature and parks protection authority , said a half dozen leopards have been spotted recently near du mosch s small community of kibbutz sde boker in the negev desert in southern israel , although they rarely threaten humans ."
"bethlehem , west bank ap rain drips through the wooden roof of the ancient church of the nativity , a cold and nearly empty place except for a few monks and a couple of children begging for change ."
"michigan held a primary in january , but the democratic national committee stripped the state of its delegates for scheduling the contests too early ."
"the joong ang ilbo reports the high court in busan gave the go ahead yesterday for a tunnel to be built for korea s bullet train , turning down an appeal from environmentalists who said the project would destroy the habitat of rare amphibians ."
two members of the couch surprised young viewers and a studio audience watching saturday s mbc music show broadcast by suddenly dropping their trousers and exposing their genitals .
"though most of crichton s books were major best sellers involving science , he could ruffle feathers when he took on social issues ."
"such compounds would be a possible indicator of conditions favorable for life , either now or once upon a time ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 3145830
"reports say that egypt , saudi arabia , qatar , the united arab emirates , kuwait , bahrain pakistan and india , are all experiencing severe problems ."
"a former atm software designer for a large bank , demeter created trism in his spare time and pitched it to apple last spring ."
"as he presented the medal , bush hailed the nobel peace prize winner as a universal symbol of peace and tolerance ."
"these rains could cause life threatening flash floods and mudslides , the nhc warned ."
"the american investor and philanthropist is worth an estimated 62 billion , up 10 billion from a year ago thanks to surging prices of berkshire hathaway stock , according to forbes magazine s annual ranking of the world s billionaires ."
"gadahn was indicted in 2006 on charges of treason and offering material support for terrorism , the first american charged with treason since world war ii ."
"christians have been in gaza for 2 , 000 years , since the time of christ , and yet this is their greatest hour ."
the unpopular tax led to rioting in the streets .
"you feel the expectations and pressure , so i m very happy with the way i dealt with the pressure , djokovic said ."
"then there s steven spielberg who s not quite a newcomer , since he s been at cannes before ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"ruth graham , who surrendered dreams of missionary work in tibet to marry a suitor who became the world s most renowned evangelist , died thursday ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the dispute has affected natural gas supplies to europe .
"there is no risk from properly chlorinated swimming pools , according to the centers for disease control and prevention ."
li recently visited japan to lay the groundwork for wen s visit .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
the korea times reports the constitutional court on monday started reviewing the special law on capital relocation immediately after a group filed a petition questioning the constitutionality of the law .
bush holds talks later today at camp david with french president nikolas sarkozy and the head of the european commission .
"hundreds of kenyans fled the western town of kisumu , fearing more strife after kibaki named half of a new cabinet , a lineup packed with his allies ."
"from our perspective , there was no reason to stop , the candidate said . i don t think we seriously thought about it ."
"american tyson gay blazed down the track in 9 . 85 seconds to claim the world 100 metres title in osaka on sunday , beating world record holder asafa powell into third ."
"when they asked to read esfandiari s file , they were denied access , she said ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
enormous planning went into the incident . the terrorists were dropped by a mother ship and traveled in rubber boats which they docked at mumbai .
"we believe it s possible the executors of the attack were iranian or iranian trained , the u . s . official said ."
afghan troops backed by nato troops recaptured musa qala from taliban forces in december .
"about 5 , 000 police were guarding the capital , taipei , during chen s five day trip ."
president reagan died in june 2004 after a long battle with alzheimer s disease .
"one of the more controversial proposals will probably be selling the saudis , for the first time , satellite guided bombs known as jdams ."
that s because his wife jennifer was in labor and they were rushing to the hospital .
"fbi agents searched a las vegas , nevada , warehouse owned by illusionist david copperfield , according to an fbi spokesman , adding that the wednesday night raid was related to a case based in seattle ."
"more than 15 millimeters 0 . 7 inches fell in karachi on saturday , flooding low lying neighborhoods and stressing poorly constructed buildings ."
"he very much wanted to do a concert , says kaye . he said , look things are so bad there , i think we ve got a message ."
they said most had died in an air strike following a raid in the shiite district of sadr city .
city administrator pat zavoral says the red river will be well above flood stage when it crests in a week or so
although he was able to walk off the pitch he collapsed again in the changing rooms and had to be given cardiac resuscitation before being taken to hospital .
uefa s edict also applies to atletico s november 26 home game against psv eindhoven and follows violent and racist behavior by fans during a recent match against marseille .
here are some of the city s seasonal highlights .
"but with his new company , gordon murray design limited , he s now turning his considerable talents to a car that is much smaller and considerably cheaper to own and run ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
some stayed the night with friends and relatives and some sought refuge in shelters .
learning charisma from people who are loaded with it is a bit like studying acting with de niro or playing basketball with jordan .
"after cologne police were alerted to the plot to attack the georg buechner gymnasium in the western district of junkirdors , they confiscated two crossbows , two air guns and a list of intended victims , laggies said ."
kitt was well known for her distinctive voice and made a name for herself in her portrayal of catwoman in the television series batman .
"last fall , more than 30 , 000 protesters gathered in the streets and faced squads of police with water cannons ."
"his face was digitally obscured , but a breakthrough in the case came when german police were able to reconstruct a recognizable image , ap reported ."
emerson joined real madrid from juventus for an estimated fee of 16 million euros 21 . 56 million last year after the italian side were punished with relegation following a match fixing scandal .
"they do not know what it is made of , but think it could be a kind of particle ."
"a girl came out of a building over the road , she was screaming and a guy had her by the hair , ross murchie told australian broadcasting corp ."
"the korea times reports if the bill passes , it would be implemented in september ."
"duke , a 16 month old st . bernard , had to be rescued by firefighters after he fell through the ice on a golf course pond in billings , montana ."
draft likely to be reduced
"in the most dramatic move , the leaders of 15 european nations gathering in paris at an emergency meeting agreed to a wide ranging plan to shore up troubled banks by adding capital through investment and by guaranteeing inter bank lending , said french president nicolas sarkozy ."
"at this time , no further factual information is available , airbus said . in line with international convention , airbus will provide full technical assistance to the authorities of france , who will be responsible for the investigation into the accident ."
british authorities said they believe those two men are the same ones who parked two car bombs in central london on friday .
police and protesters tangle in washington
"banco delta asia holds roughly 25 million in frozen north korean assets , the department said ."
a chinese spokesman said the call for an independence vote amounted to exposing chen s intent toward independence and compared chen to former president lee teng hui .
it s now tagged and waiting in a drawer cluttered with half used train passes .
secretary general ban ki moon on friday designated actor and activist george clooney a u . n . messenger of peace .
"the problem is there is so much debris on the roads from the storm that our crews cannot get to some places , judge said ."
included in lee s plan is the overhaul of english language education in korea .
"somali pirates who seized a japanese tanker six weeks ago have threatened to kill the 22 crew members unless a 1 million ransom is paid , a maritime official said monday ."
"presidential pardon lists are being closely monitored in the final weeks of the bush administration , to see whether former vice presidential aide lewis scooter libby will be granted the presidential favor ."
"the korea times reports seoul city and the walt disney company are discussing a plan to establish an amusement park at seoul grand park in kwachon , south of seoul ."
"at wimbledon , she reached the third round in 2006 but missed last year s tournament with a left ankle injury ."
it also said it would end all missionary work in the country and stop its citizens from traveling there .
"the british government has insisted that the sailors and marines were in iraqi waters when they were seized on march 23 , and has demanded that the iranian government let them go ."
the prosecution demanded a six year jail term for hyundai automotive group chairman chung mong koo for embezzlement and breach of trust .
the peoples alliance for democracy pad is protesting proposed changed to thailand s constitution which would protect former prime minister thaksin shinawatra and his followers from corruption charges .
"nato led forces killed a senior taliban leader with a precision airstrike near a southern afghan town overrun by militants , a spokesman for the alliance said sunday ."
"the commissioner emphasized pan national efforts and international cooperation are necessary to cope with current immigration issues . the total number of foreigners in korea will soon reach one million , which makes up about 2 percent of the population , excluding about 200 , 000 illegal immigrant workers , and without proper actions , the government will face serious problems soon ."
"which is how , three hours later , i was shivering in a surprise july snowstorm en route to hoernlihuette , the matterhorn base camp , wearing capris and sneakers with no tread ."
"i say , god , take me out of this poverty and have my father go work so i can go to school ."
"meryl streep , who plays a suspicious school principal , sister aloysius , in the film , was nominated in the lead actress category ."
not including the solheim cup .
"london , england cnn previously unseen footage of diana , princess of wales , taken just hours before she was killed in a car crash , has been shown to the jury at the inquest into her death ."
"google co founder larry page and chief executive eric schmidt , guarded tightly by security , were at the nasdaq stock market s broadcasting facility in manhattan as the web s most popular search engine began trading as a public company ."
"riot police surrounded the prosecutor s offices , preventing his eviction ."
they took advantage of sweden s comprehensive registry of heart attacks to see if the disruptions to sleep and the body s internal clock caused by a time change had any effect on heart attacks from 1987 to 2006 .
"the united states is concerned by the aggressive tactics used by russian authorities against opposition protesters yesterday in moscow , national security council spokesman gordon johndroe said in a written statement sunday ."
prosecutors have been taking a hard line against corruption in south korea .
"that s up from 155 , 000 last year ."
magincalda was acquitted of murder wednesday but was found guilty of larceny and housebreaking .
police on the island nation said a post mortem examination would be conducted as soon as possible .
"the companies said they expected total pretax annual synergies of 150 million , including 100 million of cost synergies and 50 million of revenue synergies ."
"the fortress , measuring 2 . 3 hectares about 5 . 7 acres , is the earliest known fortified city of the biblical period in israel ."
"patrick s day , a day to wear green and also a day to give away some green ."
"obama was introduced by actor robert de niro and joined on stage by sen . edward kennedy . kennedy is a massachusetts democrat and a fan of the new england patriots , the team the giants beat sunday night ."
"it might be diverse , but not everyone is happy ."
now they are estimated at just 10 percent of egypt s 68 million people .
"in 1800 , john adams was the first president to live in the white house , moving in before it was finished ."
"we re encouraged a lot to be individuals and go out there and do what you want , and nobody should stand in your way , kader said . i can see goals and ambitions getting in the way of other things like relationships ."
contestants are judged on skills such as hairdressing .
"new york ap harry potter star daniel radcliffe , who strips for his new role in london s west end revival of the play equus , has ignited a bit of a media firestorm by posing for racy promotional photos for the production ."
"oily fish such as anchovies , mackerel and salmon have the most omega 3s ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
the space station s toilet broke two weeks ago .
"she has denied these photos , and they have continued to surface , and then she s going on and campaigning for these different organizations that aren t affiliated with the miss california organization , so there s just so many different things going on ."
the spanish media accused him of not wanting to play at the bernabeu in front of a critical real crowd when capello left him out of the starting line up for several home matches .
draft likely to be reduced
the torrent will flow for three days from the glen canyon dam on the arizona utah state line .
"however , the agreement was reached without the korean confederation of trade unions kctu , another leading labor group . the kctu said that it opposed the agreement and will stage a strike next month supported by the democratic labor party ."
"within 90 minutes , the squawk of air raid sirens filled the air and the second attack was under way ."
"the job took 500 hours , or about 8 hours a day since the iphone s june 29 launch ."
but lee said the visit would not be feasible before the end of putin s term .
he asked . we can give you 10 million .
"guillaume moche pitt de tonquedec , of france , and austria s max herr jaquelin heller ."
planners scrapped the glitzy red carpet arrival festivities .
"everyone is doing very well this morning , hospital ceo scott hill told reporters wednesday at a dual press conference with virginia gov . tim kaine ."
"asiana airlines , the smaller of korea s two commercial airlines , finally won its quest to begin service to paris , the ministry of transportation announced ."
a new study shows 90 of them got written up for problems last year .
"the country s gross domestic product will climb about 4 . 5 percent next year , down from this year s estimated 5 percent gain , finance minister kwon o kyu said yesterday ."
the italian ansa news agency said the young man and woman were taken into custody by police in the northern city of cesena following a telephone complaint from a man attending morning mass in the city s cathedral .
"and i look forward to working with him in the years ahead , obama said at a news conference in chicago , illinois ."
terry childs tulsa university professor
"according to the assistant , prime minister ismail haniyeh accepted al qawasmi s resignation ."
"she has what little momentum there is on the democratic side , having won in new hampshire and nevada after illinois sen . barack obama won in iowa ."
japan had 8 . 11 million foreign entries in 2006 .
about 600 east timorese soldiers were dismissed in march 2006 after they went on strike against alleged discrimination in the military .
"it came as pakistan deployed more troops in the area , fearing holy war after the storming of the militant red mosque last week left 102 dead ."
"the sophistication of the attack , in which english speaking guerrillas in american style uniforms drove sport utility vehicles past checkpoints to attack a government compound , was beyond what insurgents in iraq have shown they are capable of , u . s . officials said ."
"i started watching his work when i was 15 years old , said dicaprio , who has starred in scorsese s last three films and introduced the director to the guild audience earlier in the evening ."
paul harvey used his staccato style delivery to tell all kinds of stories
"we believe that the existing number , with a slight addition , will do the job , but if there seems to be more need we will ask for more troops ."
"hughes claimed he couldn t remember the incident , having drunk the best part of a 10 liter two and half gallon box of wine beforehand ."
a customer got so steamed when a dry cleaner lost his trousers that he sued for 65 million .
"the united states , for its part , accepted three korean demands ."
"ingolstadt based audi , a unit of volkswagen ag , said it sold some 656 , 600 cars since january , up 9 . 2 percent from the comparable period last year ."
"he reportedly gave bruni a pink heart shaped diamond dior engagement ring , while she gave him a swiss made patek philippe watch ."
"last month , minister of justice abdallah bin mohammed al sheikh , in a phone call to a saudi television newscast , said the lawyer s license had never been revoked ."
"senna s family accused almeida of pressuring senna to change his will , removing 11 brothers and sisters as potential beneficiaries ."
"just ask steve demeter , developer of the popular puzzle game trism ."
"the afp news agency also reported officials as saying that at least three monks had died ,"
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"a customs search of stallone s luggage during a february 16 visit to sydney revealed 48 vials of the human growth hormone product , jintropin ."
"the textbook forum , affiliated to the new right union , is planning to publish the textbook for high school students by may ."
"community leaders across the country are wondering who s going to help with the chicken supper , who s going to sponsor the memorial day parade , now that more than 1 , 000 general motors dealers are learning they re losing their franchises"
lawyers for al khalifa say the money was intended as an advance on a joint recording project .
"cucumber , green onion and leeks are also common ingredients ."
the south korean foreign ministry released a statement of the weekend saying the un statement left too much room for interpretation .
"a fire last night destroyed 15 row homes , and may be connected to the other arsons in the town ."
the top court referred the case back to the seoul high court .
and they might be among the first in the animal kingdom to have to adapt to warming temperatures .
"the call doesn t come very often , but when it does the answer is invariably yes ."
"now , a reno artist will be making his international debut , having been invited to exhibit his work in a juried art competition in italy ."
"city officials working for republican mayor michael bloomberg have said such a rally , which could draw 250 , 000 people , could damage lawns in the park ."
"however , party members have decided to return their stipends for the months of april and may to the national coffer as the national assembly would virtually remain inactive during that period ."
"days before , cahaner had been deployed near israel s southern border preparing to be dropped into egypt s sinai peninsula when plans suddenly changed ."
the man said his motive was financial difficulties .
u . s . ambassador thomas schieffer traveled to okinawa last week to express his sadness over the alleged rape .
"browne , who has spent his entire professional life working for bp , denied any allegations of misconduct , saying they were misleading and erroneous claims ."
these latest numbers indicate that may be a close call .
"experts , associates and friends say he realized decades ago that he would make his mark as prince of wales rather than as an octogenarian king , and so decided to expand that undefined role and use it to pursue causes dear to his heart ."
"moscow could aim nuclear weapons at targets in europe as part of retaliatory steps if washington proceeds with building a missile defense system on the continent , russian president vladimir putin said monday ."
flying with the flu ?
". . . i m 19 , i m a girl , i m very young , i like all sorts of different things , i like all sorts of different styles of music , i like all sorts of different styles of clothes , i like all sorts of different colors of hair ."
what s the weirdest thing you ve ever been asked to build ?
a u . n . report released in january predicted global temperatures increases of 3 . 2 to 7 . 1 degrees fahrenheit 1 . 8 to 4 degrees celsius by 2100 .
korea to double african aid by . . .
foreign ministers from asia and europe were united in pressing north korea to move to dispel global concerns about its nuclear ambitions during their meeting in hamburg yesterday .
"the teen committed suicide , but a defense attorney says prosecutors are the real bullies ?"
most of the 2000 debacle had little to do with the concept of selling things over the internet .
"the boy also fed several live animals to terry by throwing them over the two fences surrounding the crocodile s enclosure , at one point climbing over the outer fence to get closer to the giant reptile ."
"earlier in the day , canada s public broadcaster , cbc , posted on its web site still photographs taken from the video but did not broadcast the tape ."
"late word from ohio that the cleveland man suspected of killing his wife , sister in law , and 3 young children was a newlywed ."
"appearing on nbc s meet the press from waterloo , mccain disputed polls that show obama way ahead with just 9 days before election day ."
"the u . s . federal reserve cut a key short term interest rate by three quarters of a percentage point tuesday . the federal funds rate , an overnight bank lending rate that affects how much interest consumers pay on credit cards , home equity lines of credit and auto loans , was cut to 2 . 25 percent ."
all of whom have their own pages on the president s web site .
the forces were joined by six u . s .
similar scenes were unfolding across a vast expanse of southwestern china .
"shares in ba leapt more than 10 percent on the news , soaring 154 pence 2 . 32 within an hour ."
"during the show , she will hear interviews with the three candidates , their families and friends before choosing who will get her kidney ."
"entertainment weekly recently ranked her 38th on a list of the 50 smartest people in hollywood . it s insane , it really is ."
seoul national university professor hwang woo suk wednesday said that he would resume his controversial cloning research with human stem cells for therapeutic purposes .
"a hanoi court convicted nguyen thi thanh , 41 , for violating regulations protecting rare wild animals ."
south korea pulled out all of its 200 troops from afghanistan late last year after a group of 23 south korean church volunteers were kidnapped by taliban insurgents in july .
democrats and others criticized palin for seeming to imply that some parts of the country are more patriotic than others .
"benjamin vitale , conservation international s senior adviser on eco system markets and finance , said he was not sure if this marked the first time such emission credits had been traded on a regulated exchange , but it certainly was a first for a developing country ."
home prices are expected to fall around 11 .
the ap s warren levinson has more from new york
"protests have been held in cities around the world in a show of sympathy for tibet , where anti government riots erupted last month ."
"the orchestra , the choir ."
the raid comes at a sensitive time when the party is embroiled in an internal dispute over picking its standard bearer for the presidential election .
"since his film appeared at this little known london festival , director charles duke has gained prominence and his film was accepted at the cannes film festival ."
"they want to live in peace and have a comfortable life with their families , hamidzada said . there is serious debate within their ranks , but this is a process that takes time ."
"with the support of a sponsor , trung hopes to spend the next few years perfecting aiko s software and increasing her range of skills"
"at another point , a girl enthusiastically sang , i give a knife to my father to slaughter the chicken ."
passengers fall to their deaths from moving trains or tumble under the wheels from crowded platforms .
"in a nationally televised ruling , lee kang kook , president of the constitutional court , said that most clauses of the special prosecutor law were in accordance with the constitution ."
the diplomatic spat began march 1 when colombian troops and police crossed into ecuador and killed 22 people .
"however , the expense of setting up the high tech farms on pricey city land and providing enough year round heat and light could present some insurmountable obstacles ."
"leung s indictment was immediately denounced by her husband , kam leung , who noted that a second retired fbi agent has admitted an affair with his wife ."
"kim and hill are to meet again on tuesday amid rising expectations of improved u . s . relations with a country president george w . bush called part of an axis of evil five years ago , along with iran and prewar iraq ."
the national institute of scientific investigation conducted dna tests of the infants bodies and of dna samples from the couple .
rapid population growth has put enormous pressure on agricultural systems that have been pushed towards unsustainable farming practices in order to cope with demand .
the 1964 summer games .
"right now , the dow down 127 at 6 , 936 ."
"apple corps was founded by the fab four in 1968 and is still owned by paul mccartney , ringo starr , the widow of john lennon and the estate of george harrison ."
"i have always believed that we are not alone in this universe , he said in a speech to a small gathering of scientists , astronauts and government officials sunday in colombo where he lives ."
microsoft is expected to disclose its response to yahoo s defiance this week .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
an inch of fresh snow in new york .
his resignation followed a report by local television station mbc in july that claimed samsung provided slush funds to two presidential candidates ahead of the 1997 election .
calls seeking comment from two assistant u . s . attorneys involved in the case were not immediately returned .
draft likely to be reduced
"an armored car carrying bhutto approached the breach , where she speaking with a megaphone told several hundred police and security forces"
his letter recalled people he met in his travels around the state during his run for the u . s . senate four years ago .
"they were joined by about 3 , 000 unionized teachers protesting against the government s plan for teacher evaluation and merit based bonuses ."
joseph fritzl made an appearance in court in austria .
our nation will never accept such conditions .
korea to double african aid by . . .
a lack of infrastructure has effectively held the market s development back .
the plan is not a quick fix .
"jett travolta was taken by ambulance to rand memorial hospital in freeport and was pronounced dead on arrival , police said ."
"the korea times reports the united states is mapping out a new theater war plan on the korean peninsula aimed at striking weapons of mass destruction in north korea , reports said yesterday , citing an unidentified chinese defense expert in canada ."
"hundreds have been killed and more than 300 , 000 have been displaced since the post election violence started , according to the kenya red cross ."
"however , at the age of 25 , the princes are able to access interest and other income accrued on the pound"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the church declared three days of mourning and said that the archbishop s body will be placed on public display before his burial in a few days .
"he worked 150 games over the last two years . . . we did not want to sort of march people together and say , we are now going to investigate tim donaghy . . ."
"the theme of the seminar will be love of god , love of neighbor , the vatican said in a news release ."
"ramallah , west bank ap u . s . secretary of state condoleezza rice said sunday that it is important for israel and the palestinians to establish a common agenda to move forward on creating a palestinian state ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the dow jones industrial average surged 363 points in early trading after bush and paulson spoke before dropping back and eventually closing down by 76 points , or 0 . 82 percent ."
"officials have unveiled ambitious development plans for tibet , xinjiang and other remote , impoverished areas , many of them populated by restive ethnic minorities ."
more than 300 foreclosed homes starting at 500 were on the block .
"digging was stopped more than a week ago amid safety concerns , as authorities and the treasure hunters feared that the shaft might collapse and that the cave if it is there may be rigged with explosives or poisonous booby traps ."
the details were unveiled in a 40 page draft guide that is to be given to all applicants .
"israel would continue its operations against militants , she said , while always doing our utmost to avoid any innocent casualties ."
the former hairdresser who married 54 year old renne senna after he hit the jackpot was greeted by jeers as she arrived tuesday at the lockup .
downing street has not confirmed the reports but foreign ministry sources have told the bbc the process could be slowed down if the situation in iraq worsens .
"four of the men claimed the devices , made from liquid hydrogen peroxide , chapati flour , acetone and acid , were a hoax ."
"korea s consumer confidence plunged to its lowest in four years in november , suggesting that domestic demand will continue to be a big drag on asia s third largest economy ."
the violence broke out after anti u . s . demonstrators broke through riot police lines late friday afternoon to try to cut down the fences .
"by next fall , nasa plans to launch its biggest red planet rover yet , the 1 . 8 billion , suv size mars research laboratory ."
"gogol the cafe club is considered a favorite hangout for russians and expatriates alike , perfect for meals , coffee , fruity cocktails and music ."
this comes despite a pledge by the authorities to clean up the air .
fears over job losses have triggered several outbursts of unrest in recent weeks .
zapatero thanked jubilant supporters for handing his party a clear victory in the elections .
"shareholders must approve the deal , which is expected to close by the end of june ."
but there is good news for some western nations .
"mariano rivera wriggled out of a two on , none out jam in the ninth for his 426th career save ."
and the field is advancing rapidly .
"a judge on monday ordered that a forest ranger who admitted to starting the original fire on gran canaria be held in solitary confinement . he had been angry over his work contract , the archipelago s supreme court said ."
there were initial reports thaksin would be required to go to a bangkok police station .
bush had been lauding the conclusion of a security pact with iraq as journalists looked on .
"the telecommunications satellite will let rural communities in venezuela access educational and medical information that has been difficult for them to come by as a result of their relative isolation , said rodolfo navaro , technical manager for the bolivarian space activity agency ."
"under the emergency powers , which are due to last a month , the authorities can detain people without charge ."
"earlier in the day , israeli forces took tens of hamas militants into custody , the military said ."
"the somali leadership is going to have to really reach out to all the elements that are not associated with terrorism , rice said ."
it was when steve stricker watched him from 200 yards away on an elevated tee that he realized how tough it would be to beat him sunday in the bmw championship .
"bond has been set at 100 , 000 dollars for ollie ivy who was charged with aggravated assault ."
"the bulk of his speech was devoted to the future of the nato alliance , and the need to work together to defend the trans atlantic community against any security threats ."
"we have nothing to fear but fear itself . just words , just speeches !"
draft likely to be reduced
she has been undergoing questioning since her arrival at incheon international airport sunday afternoon .
oil investors can interpret such news in one of two ways
"gold and his brother , a psychologist , started presenting their observations at medical schools in 2006 ."
"i want somebody who has the intellectual firepower , but also a little bit of a common touch , and has a practical sense of how the world works ."
"one solution , envisaged by dr james levine of the mayo clinic in minneapolis , is for us to burn more calories at work ."
"a student from another colombo private school holy family convent college also was killed , as were two college students and a policeman ."
"the plane is very seriously damaged , he said ."
"all had very good cholesterol levels , with average ldl levels of 108 and average hdl"
"iraq , north korea on agenda"
united nations nuclear inspectors have been given the go ahead to return to north korea to begin the process of shutting down the main nuclear reactor .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"horses , donkeys and mules , which are the best choice for farming in the country s mountainous and rugged terrain , have all played critical roles in ethiopia s military history ."
"janszky said he came up with the idea for the study after last spring s time change , when he was having problems adjusting ."
"las vegas , nevada cnn some people come to las vegas to enjoy the clear skies and hot days ."
police have cordoned off the scene of the blasts and the area around a stage where she was due to give a speech to supporters has been evacuated .
"or as her colleague , dr . helen fisher put it when you fall in love , exactly the same system becomes active as when you take cocaine ."
"chief us negotiator christopher hill was hopeful for a resolution , but the south koreans and japanese have doubts ."
a prototype passed a durability test in a wind tunnel this month and japan s space agency adopted it wednesday for feasibility studies .
"french author jean marie gustave le clezio has won this year s nobel prize for literature , the nobel foundation announced thursday ."
"in the northeastern states and midwest , i think john mccain is going to win , feehery said . i think it s really hard for mitt romney to get this nomination ."
kim met with the north korean leader in pyongyang in june 2000 for the first ever inter korean summit .
"steve took off toward the south and was going to fly southbound , looking around for some dry lake beds for some plans he had for the future , ryan said ."
"murtada is one of these grim stats , and his life is now a nightmare ."
"dorothy willows , who lives near the damaged turbine , told the sun she was in her car when she saw strange lights in the sky ."
many indonesians still fondly call him their father of development but his critics say he ruled by instilling fear .
the dow is now up 18 points .
"after the blast in samarra , gunmen stormed a sunni mosque in southwestern baghdad s bayaa area , a shiite neighborhood , an interior ministry official said ."
twelve years have passed and nobody has done anything for us .
"deforestation and mismanagement of water resources have caused soil erosion , which is responsible for frequent flash floods in jammu kashmir , maqbool said ."
the report concludes that the dallas based buyout fund lobbied government officials and keb s former management to understate the bank s financial health to buy it at a reduced price .
the government shut down all pressrooms affiliated with government offices amid mounting allegations of a government attempt to control the media .
"insoo quickly checks out today s fun clips on a host of online humor sites , including the humor university , and reluctantly lets his little sister use the computer ."
radio contact with the flight was lost about noon sunday .
"survivor noemi martinez , 29 , of el salvador , said the boat departed from guatemala and capsized tuesday with more than 20 people aboard , according to moises hernandez , regional commander for ministerial police in oaxaca ."
the media barrage underscored that the government campaign is moving into a new phase of damage control ahead of the much anticipated beijing olympics in august .
"dozens of gay couples rushed to tie the knot at chapels , parks and beaches across massachusetts on thursday as the end of the three day waiting period under state matrimonial law led to a marathon of same sex weddings ."
"seoul will ask to purchase the unmanned aerial vehicle global hawk during the upcoming security policy initiative talks the official said , on condition of anonymity ."
"late on thursday , the commission releases the first results in the election for the senate , the country s upper house of parliament ."
"karrada , on the eastern side of the tigris river , is usually one of the more stable areas in the capital but has been hit by a string of bombs in the past 10 days ."
pad officials have rejected the warning and vowed to continue their demonstration which has not stopped since it began last sunday .
"after leaving pakistan , cheney went to afghanistan , but his planned talks with president hamid karzai were canceled when bad weather prevented his trip from bagram air base to kabul ."
"companies will save tons of money , he said ."
"the armistice ending the great war came into effect at the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month , and the day has since been used to remember all war dead ."
"german authorities have seen the body of the german hostage who died in captivity in afghanistan and it had gunshot wounds , a german foreign ministry spokesman said on sunday ."
"he urged japan to settle the past , lift sanctions and stop suppressing north koreans living in japan . in a briefing , song described japan s position as an unreasonable insistence ."
"it s coming out in 60 to 90 days , if we don t kill each other first , henley , 59 , told the crowd saturday at the mgm grand garden arena ."
new york mayor michael bloomberg wants the da to go after the hospital management for the failure to report the gunshot wound .
"but al goldman , chief market strategist at wachovia securities , would not be surprised if the market rebounds tomorrow"
korea to double african aid by . . .
"sue may had a cell phone , but the volume was off ."
"underdeveloped countries such as uganda , tanzania and kenya discovered they had what vacationers from developed countries sought raw wilderness rich in animal life ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"a letter inviting a working level delegation to visit and monitor the suspension of the operations of nuclear facilities was sent to the international atomic energy agency , north s korean central news agency reported saturday ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the noto airport was closed , and roads were snarled with residents leaving or concerned japanese rushing to the area to see relatives ."
at t inc . on monday said it would be the exclusive u . s . carrier for the bold .
"sarkozy s approval ratings dropped during their courtship in part , analysts say , because many older , more traditional voters were put off by his glitzy , jet setting style ."
"light , sweet crude for october delivery rose 1 . 35 to 79 . 58 on the new york mercantile exchange after setting a new trading high of 79 . 89 earlier ."
"kate and gerry , we are truly sorry to have added to your distress , the daily express wrote . we assure you that we hope madeleine will one day be found alive and well and will be restored to her loving family ."
"solis is currently serving her fourth term in the house , representing a district that includes part of east los angeles ."
"nobody is going to be chased from where they live , kibaki said at a school transformed into a camp for the displaced in the corn farming community of burnt forest ."
"three mothers of fourth grade students at wonmuk elementary school in seoul fell from a 24 meter tall aerial ladder connected to a fire truck when a wire holding a rescue basket malfunctioned and turned their perch upside down , killing two of the women and injuring the third , police said ."
"the bus was traveling from shanghai to lichuan city , ap reported , and all told as many as 30 or more people may have been killed ."
our future relationship with imus is contingent on his ability to live up to his word .
"among educated chinese circles , li s books are viewed with amusement and amazement ."
the 23 church volunteers 18 women and five men were seized on the main road south from kabul last week .
dramatic performance honors went to jack nicholson for playing a depressed retiree in about schmidt and nicole kidman for her role as suicidal writer virginia woolf in the hours .
"an american , south korean and a bulgarian have been beheaded by a group led by zarqawi ."
"beijing , china cnn a panda once believed to be male and sent to japan to breed with a female without success gave birth to twin cubs this week , state media reported on thursday ."
"that same year i made the knute rockne movie , i married jane wyman , another contract player at warners , reagan wrote ."
"the fires are blamed for 14 deaths and charred more than 508 , 000 acres , destroying about 1 , 600 homes ."
"a version manufactured and sold under the oqo brand is also possible , a spokesman said ."
"authorities imposed a curfew in 26 towns , including parts of ahmedabad , according to gujarat s home secretary , k . nityanandan ."
"opposing choi , who served as administrator of the small and medium business administration , is the rep . lee kwang jae of the united democratic party udp , who is seeking re election in the district ."
"jingjing zhang , an environmental lawyer who is working the villagers who want to sue the government , said the dabaoshan mine has been polluting the hengshui river for decades ."
i ve seen some weird stuff .
"the body was not immediately identified but the car was registered to the father of the 3 year old girl , and the inquiry into the mother s whereabouts is now a homicide investigation , detective senior sergeant simon scott said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
a crocodile that took up residence in a lake at the 14th hole .
"the researchers suggest 8 , 000 million dollars be provided each year to help fight these diseases ."
"but when the name of a civic group referred to the apec forum , such as the anti apec pusan citizens coalition , the north korean media changed it to anti bush pusan citizens coalition ."
"but this time . . . i have to stand up . . . for our fans all over sweden . . . to say that you owe them , and us , an apology ."
jets targeted the kurdish rebel pkk in areas near the border .
"on one of three streets tested in the phoenix trial , the percentage of drivers who obeyed the 25 mph speed limit nearly doubled ."
"up to 250 , 000 people marched through central madrid , according to organizers , pressing the same anti war , anti aznar case ."
a robot that gives shampoos is already widely deployed at hair salons across japan .
"without fanfare and without compensation , hillary spend decades pouring energy and resources from his own fund raising efforts into nepal through the himalayan trust he founded in 1962 ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"he also assured other countries that the planned deployment of of 3 , 200 marines to afghanistan this spring is not because of any shortcomings by forces already there ."
flying with the flu ?
"i would like him to be handed over to the people so that they can tear him apart , klimova told reporters ."
and then he noticed us taking pictures and his happy demeanor diminished immediately .
"upon news of her death , texas gov . rick perry ordered flags in the state to be flown at half staff ."
"five korean workers and a local employee were abducted by gunmen in the niger delta of southern nigeria 0 , the foreign ministry said yesterday ."
"secretary of state condoleezza rice said thursday during a visit to brazil that all u . n . nations , including venezuela , have an obligation to go after terrorists and keep them from operating within their borders ."
"environmental groups such as friends of the earth say that international governments should hold the aviation industry accountable for the amount of co2 they produce each year , and point to instances like this to show that airlines should pay a fuel tax to rein them in ."
"the kitty hawk , the last conventionally powered aircraft carrier in the navy , is to be replaced later this summer by the uss george washington , a nuclear powered carrier ."
"arranging or carrying out the procedure in britain or abroad is a criminal offense punishable by up to 14 years in prison , but no one has been prosecuted since it was banned under british law in 2003 , jeffrey said ."
"freshwater , according to an independent report , used an electrostatic device to mark a cross on the arm of one of his students 8212 causing pain to the student the night of the incident and leaving a mark that lasted for approximately 3 weeks ."
"i got a bit caught up in the moment and forgot that , at the core of the rude comments and silly songs , were the real feelings of a beloved and brilliant comic actor and a very sweet and big hearted young woman ."
but the fate of the fund is still pending since the deal could be called off if the separate inspection carried out by state prosecutors uncovers evidence proving lone star s involvement in the manipulation .
"crichton won an emmy , a peabody , a writers guild of america award for er , and won other awards as well ."
"media in the united arab emirates reported four separate accidents , the largest involving more than 200 cars , on the highway connecting the cities of dubai and abu dhabi on tuesday ."
"four whaling ships , including the lead craft nisshin maru , set off from the southern port of shimonoseki on sunday ."
the market could take comfort in the senate confirming treasury secretary tim geithner as soon as today and the president is focusing on the economy again this week .
"on friday , superior court judge michael sauer sent hilton back to jail for violating terms of her probation from a 2006 alcohol related reckless driving conviction ."
"there was an iowa for obama sign on the wall , adorned with white christmas tree lights ."
"the scientists studied layers of sediment dated to 12 , 900 years ago at six north american locations , including one directly on top of a clovis site in murray springs , arizona ."
"the united states and eu nations circulated a draft u . n . resolution friday endorsing independence for kosovo under international supervision despite strong objections from russia , a permanent member of the u . n . security council with veto power ."
month since august last year . british airways rose 5 . 3 percent after the airline reported strong figures for its premium class seats in june .
"on saturday , the team spent more than two hours at the park ."
moore and his roommate approached cho and asked if he would like to sit with them .
the news got them reminiscing on live with regis kelly about what marriage meant to them
"escape 2 africa , an animated film that has made more than 118 million in its first 10 days ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"however , the diet is being increasingly shunned by people who live in the med as the convenience of fast food gains popularity ."
he is the former husband of whitney houston and is seeking custody of their teenage daughter .
"teams of scientists in china and switzerland have sequenced the rice genome , a step that could someday lead to improving the quality of the crop that is a staple for more than half the world s population ."
"there is no talk whatsoever of any sort of storming the site , he said ."
"jackson , however , claims the cash was a gift ."
"a month later , the united states also froze u . s . based assets of eight north korean firms on suspicions of illegal activities , including counterfeiting , laundering and proliferation of weapons of mass destruction ."
"five boats will transport the remaining emergency officials , reporters , residents and others from the town , government spokesman francisco vidal told cnn en espanol ."
"anticipating criticism , chavez said the state s role in regulating education is internationally accepted and it is not possible for a school administrator to insist on autonomy in countries such as germany or the united states either ."
"our first stop is kotor , a medieval town pressed against craggy mountains on the right arm of the boka ."
"cnn the video is hard to turn away from . a sobbing 16 year old sits in her bedroom and , staring into a camera , says she has been raped ."
"in 2003 , his holocaust drama the pianist won the academy award ."
"first adopted in 1963 , the agreement now has 173 signatories ."
"in rare instances , mumps can trigger life threatening encephalitis ."
"a newspaper reporter from baquba and a tv cameraman from baghdad have been killed , the latest journalist deaths in a country that has been called the world s deadliest nation for the press ."
"jules pipe , the mayor of hackney , added it is through making these drums that exposure to and inhalation of anthrax spores on an imported animal hide occurred . this is an extremely rare case and this type of anthrax cannot be passed from person to person ."
"he has met the standard of being a successful president , being an exceptional president , he said ."
"i ve had some disappointing losses here , but i actually felt like i played ok today , roddick said ."
"as the south asia bureau chief for the wall street journal , he would spend the next four months reporting on afghanistan and operation enduring freedom ."
this is not something that is a mechanical error . this is an accident .
it all depends on whether it s anchored by true north .
"podesta pointed out that there is a lot the president can do without waiting for congress , and voters can expect to see obama do so to try and restore a sense that the country is working on behalf of the common good ."
"glamour editor cindi leive asked cheney during the panel discussion if she had anything to say to conservatives such as james dobson , founder of focus on the family , who have criticized her pregnancy , asserting that children should be raised by heterosexual married couples ."
"even so , most leadership courses focus on follower ship and compliance and consensus management instead of leadership ."
how to launch a tech company in one weekend
there are hot baths to draw the tourists to this remote island .
foreign minister ban ki moon blamed japanese counterpart nobutaka machimura for his inappropriate comment .
washington says it is easing demands on north korea to try to resolve an impasse over a disarmament deal .
"the air breathing mammals sometimes die after they find themselves stranded in shallow waters , mansur said . the construction of dams has reduced the flow of fresh water in many parts of bangladesh ."
in 1998 pakistan tested a homemade ghauri medium range ballistic missile that the u . s . believes originated in north korea .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
industrial production had fallen 7 . 3 in february .
chavez accused him of having no shame .
new york cnn a street sweeping truck roaring down a bronx street sucked up a dog and killed her as her owner held the leash .
"on 125th street near fifth avenue , bulldozers clear a vacant lot for an upscale hotel ."
"saturday night live has been parodying politicians for years , sometimes with such precision that their catchphrases carvey s wouldn t be prudent , ferrell s misunderestimated have become more closely associated with the politicians than the politicians own words . but with the ever increasing crossover of politics and entertainment"
i have selected a squad of 30 players as i think it is important that all the players are equal from the beginning .
democratic analyst jamal simmons says clinton has reason to look beyond a joint ticket .
"north korean authorities have since tightened inspections at hwasong and adjacent cities to catch the fugitives , of whom 21 have so far been caught , the report said ."
"that s because when blilie , now a minneapolis engineer , was a kid her family skied here every winter , and after a 17 year hiatus , she was determined to create some of those same happy memories for her own two children , as well as her nieces and nephews who , along with their parents , had come along for the trip down memory lane ."
"however , the general information page for california marriage licenses still stated as of wednesday that only an unmarried male and an unmarried female may marry in california ."
two a 49 year old woman and a 12 year old boy were in critical condition .
"at the same time , the european central bank said it was pumping money into the banking market to boost liquidity ."
"i think it s really important that all of us pick ourselves up , clean ourselves off , and get ourselves back in the game ."
"a justice department official will refuse to answer questions during a senate committee hearing on the firing of eight u . s . attorneys , citing her fifth amendment right not to incriminate herself , her lawyer said monday ."
the marine is identified on the video and in other internet postings as a lance corporal stationed at marine corps base hawaii in kaneohe .
no deaths were reported .
tensions between israel and the palestinian territory have been rising in recent months .
"a military official told cnn there was no nuclear risk to public safety because the weapons were not armed . officials believe that if the plane had crashed or the missiles somehow had fallen off the wings , the warheads would have remained inert and there would have been no nuclear detonation , though conventional explosive material in the warhead could have detonated ."
"grant , who is in his late 20s , was flown to a hospital for treatment of both the bullet and the crocodile wounds . his injuries were not life threatening , fowden said ."
"they are long and some have asymmetrical vanes like flight feathers , xu said ."
"in an attempt to improve bilateral relations between japan and north korea , koizumi has already spoken with u . s ."
"in the afc , pittsburgh takes on division rival , baltimore ."
he said that north korea s strategy of ignoring south korea for direct contacts with the united states has failed .
"the humpback mother and her calf started moving southwest on the sacramento river at around 3 30 p . m . and were about five miles 8 kilometers outside the port of sacramento late sunday afternoon , coast guard petty officer brian leshak said ."
neither he nor his lawyer have commented on the charges .
washington is one of 38 states with laws defining marriage as a union between a man and a woman .
it s like three card monte but without the cheating .
"i think it s one of the biggest risks our industry has , vice chairman and ceo brad anderson told an industry audience at the international consumer electronics show in las vegas ."
flying with the flu ?
it sounds like the setup to a joke a crocodile walks into a bar
"from the top of devil island , off the eastern edge of the antarctic peninsula , the watery sun reflects off the vast tabular icebergs drifting around the weddell sea ."
people who were forced to comply with smoke free rules in public may have adopted a smoke free environment at home and thus reduced the exposure to secondhand smoke even more .
"a separate attack about 30 minutes earlier killed one soldier and wounded 14 at a u . s . military outpost in rustamiya in southeastern baghdad , the military said ."
san francisco police chief heather fong said police secured the area to gather evidence and witness statements .
"the safeway international , which was held in arizona this year , is also gone over a sponsorship issue and essentially becomes the lpga international in phoenix ."
living in a cage in hong kong
south korea has a history of leniency toward corporate titans .
the device causes discomfort to younger ears by exploiting their ability to hear very high frequencies a power which declines once they reach their 20s .
"after the declaration of independence was signed , virginia statesman john page wrote to thomas jefferson"
"the woman who killed her minister husband with a shotgun and is battling her in laws for custody of her children , cannot appear live on the oprah winfrey show , a judge ruled ."
"this is the same kind of problem of construction as in the school last week , said renois , of the haiti press network ."
earlier that year president bush labeled pyongyang part of the axis of evil .
benjamin button leads the overall nominations with 13 .
"many analysts say the best option for clinton is to return to the senate , where she can establish a powerful influential voice like that of sen . edward kennedy ."
"a decade after diana s death , camilla is charles s second wife , william and harry s stepmother , and an established member of the royal family ."
"what is urgent for the peaceful settlement of the nuclear issue is for the u . s . to put into practice its will to make a switchover in its hostile policy toward the north , it said ."
"it s coming out in 60 to 90 days , if we don t kill each other first , henley , 59 , told the crowd saturday at the mgm grand garden arena ."
"the aircraft landed in philadelphia about 30 minutes later , and none of the 174 passengers or six crew members aboard was injured ."
"there s a definite sense that you have to pinch yourself , cameron said monday at a news conference ."
roads around the mountain were sealed off by police as a precaution .
"one candidate will continue the war and keep the troops in iraq indefinitely . one candidate only says he will end the war , she said while campaigning in pennsylvania ."
"nine years in the making and costing 2 . 4 million , a lot by local production standards , the new film aims to cement deng s place in china s history ."
the commerce department reports retail sales took an unexpected drop last month 4 tenths of one percent that s triggered a sharp drop on the stock market with the dow down more than 100 points in early going .
john paul may and his mother were at a university concert when officials got word that the heart was available .
"and its 93 deaths now account for almost half of the recorded fatalities worldwide , according to figures from the world health organization ."
"most of the residents of the tiny island were evacuated to inland shelters ahead of the storm , keeping the number of deaths there to a minimum , gen . ahmad said ."
here are questions to ask your boss that can help your career .
"odder still , baptists don t seem to be the types who knock back a few cold ones after church ."
the seafront lenval hospital in nice in the south of france said tuesday that angelina jolie had checked in at its santa maria maternity clinic to be kept under doctors surveillance and get some rest before she gives birth .
"these findings are consistent with our other work that shows that e mail communication decreases the amount of trust and cooperation we see in professional group work , and increases the negativity in performance evaluations , all as opposed to pen and paper systems , said terri kurtzberg of rutgers . people seem to feel more justified in acting in self serving ways when typing as opposed to writing ."
she said she had taken the money to her office for safekeeping on june 4 and did not manage to put it in a safety deposit box before police discovered it late last month .
"a week of national mourning was declared by president susilo bambang yudhoyono , who is taking charge of a state funeral after suharto s body is flown by air force planes to the family mausoleum ."
"among them were australian government officials and members of the australian media , the australian foreign ministry in canberra told cnn ."
3 . ask to be disconfirmed
the children had been missing since porter picked them up at their mother s house for a weekend visit in the summer of 2004 .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
white house press secretary robert gibbs says geithner talked to aig s top manager last week and objected to the outrageous bonuses
"roles of authority for women are widely frowned upon in conservative palestinian society , but several bystanders said they were impressed ."
shin said she would tell all to the prosecutors .
"cnn has also seen excerpts of what german intelligence officials say is a 16 hour long , professionally produced bomb making tutorial ."
the senior women s side won the 2008 asian cup after last year making the quarter finals of the fifa world cup .
"natrajan did not give an exact timeframe for the test . it may be in may or june or even earlier , he said ."
"they are reporting very good progress . they have caucused with a lot of people , tsvangirai said ."
"lawyers for both sides are due to present arguments monday morning in a u . s . federal court in tampa , florida , in another round of the case that started last year , odyssey spokeswoman natja igney told cnn ."
"in nacogdoches , 135 miles 217 kilometers northeast of houston , a national guardsman stood watch over a steel rod with silver bolts ."
"arctic sea ice is melting much faster than everybody had been expecting . well , maybe it s because the positive feedback mechanisms have kicked in much quicker than we have been able to quantify ."
"the castle opened for tours earlier this year and has thousands of visitors already , some coming back for a second or third time ."
"sen . barbara boxer , d california , chairwoman of the ethics committee , declined to comment on whether an investigation would be conducted . her office noted the committee s work is generally confidential ."
"passenger flights remained grounded , but cargo , military and emergency flights had resumed by tuesday afternoon at bangkok s suvarnabhumi international airport , spokeswoman monrudee kettuphan said ."
"along the way , meunier lebouc thought of her 30th birthday party last fall and the fun she had with friends and family who gathered to celebrate ."
"finally both china and india , like the south east asians , have encouraged companies to raise capital through their frenetic stockmarkets ."
"i grew up telling myself that there was a somewhere else which embodied my true homeland , he told the magazine ."
"obama leads in overall votes , states won and pledged delegates ."
"kerviel , who could be sentenced to three years in prison , is free under judicial control while the case continues ."
animal rights activists have been demanding the city government stop cat euthanasia .
"bands of armed men invaded port harcourt , the center of nigeria s oil industry tuesday , attacking two police stations and raiding the lobby of a major hotel ."
"the game , like the movie , tells of warring robots the autobots good guys and decepticons bad guys trying to find a powerful artifact , the allspark , which is responsible for giving the robots life ."
president bush may be part of the reason why obama s making gains .
"at a summit designed to emphasize nato s unity after deep divisions caused by the u . s . led war on iraq 15 months ago , france and the united states also clashed over afghanistan and turkey s relations with the european union ."
"i don t know how i will get home , one man said ."
"the pentagon says several chinese ships came dangerously close to a us navy vessel , an unarmed ship that was conducting ocean surveys in international waters ."
ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld tells us a cycling accident kept the co host off this morning s today show
frozen credit markets and a loss of confidence have brought the dow down 21 over the last 10 days of trading .
"i could barely speak to bill , and when i did , it was a tirade ."
"cnn britney spears has regained temporary visitation rights of her two sons , her attorney said sunday ."
"but in december , hill announced that the north appeared ready to discuss specific steps toward ending its nuclear program ."
"earlier , european tour chief executive george o grady had raised hopes about ballesteros health ."
flying with the flu ?
"tony snow , a white house spokesman , said he did not think wolfowitz s actions warranted his resignation , according to an ap report ."
the military confirmed the operation after a u . s . web site broke the news blackout .
"pitt and jolie , with children in tow , were in venice to talk about his film on western outlaw jesse james ."
"she says she reads the local papers , usa today and the new york times ."
the administration is due to report to congress on iraq progress on july 15 .
the actor was rushed to hospital with a knife wound that had narrowly missed his main artery .
good to know
"retail gas prices are following crude oil , jumped 24 percent in a month on its way to setting new inflation adjusted records four times last week ."
the dow nasdaq and s p all rose in the early going .
"cape town , south africa cnn"
"the obama aide said the president elect respects and admires gen . scowcroft s bipartisan , pragmatic approach to foreign policy , adding that obama looks forward to continuing the dialogue with gen . scowcroft as well as other key republicans , democrats and independents"
to soften the blow for that 55 year old out of work middle manager is its biggest failure .
"discovery , the space shuttle , comes back safely ."
as a way of fighting cash shortages amid spiraling inflation .
ac milan vice president adriano galliani was satisfied with uefa s decision . i believe it is fair i was against the two game suspension but one seems ok .
national polls show obama leading mccain by about 7 percentage points .
"under the memorandum of understanding , indonesia will provide strains of the h5n1 virus circulating in the nation and baxter will offer technical expertise to produce the vaccine , said indonesian health minister siti fadilah supari ."
"defending overall champion bode miller , who finished 16th in saturday s downhill , lost a ski before the halfway mark and did not finish ."
"three passengers and two crew members were taken to hospital with minor injuries , ryanair spokesman stephen mcnamara said ."
big names hit by madoff s alleged financial fraud
wall street investors as well drew little comfort from bush s plan for about us 145 billion worth of tax relief to encourage consumer spending .
"watson , 79 , had been due to give a lecture at london s science museum on friday but the museum canceled his appearance , saying his comments had gone beyond the point of acceptable debate ."
"judging by obama s savvy use of social networking sites during his campaign and the interactive nature of his transition team s web site , americans can expect a president who bypasses the traditional media s filters while reaching out to citizens for input , observers say ."
the average number of family members decreased to 2 . 9 in 2005 from 3 . 1 in 2000 and 3 . 3 in 1995 .
"previously , the kdi and 12 other non political think tanks projected an annual growth rate for 2008 at 4 . 99 percent ."
the pentagon says the divorce rate has gone up for both the army and marines in the past fiscal year .
"paan is a mildly intoxicating preparation wrapped in a leaf , usually containing tobacco , betel nut and flavorings , and is hugely popular across south asia ."
national carrier alitalia canceled 217 national and international flights before a four hour walkout by air sector workers beginning at 11 a . m . 5 a . m . est .
"randal jackson , the web site s producer told cnn what we really wanted to do was to give people a visual presentation that wasn t so heavily reliant on text and also give some indicators that are highly visual , giving an immersive experience about what s going on with the planet ."
"the amnesty plan which began may 16 and will be in effect for 10 days applies to people who were duped and carried weapons against security forces , but whose hands are not covered in blood ."
"beginning sometime in the first three months of 2009 , the two newspapers will provide home delivery on thursdays , fridays and sundays only , hunke said during a news conference in detroit , michigan ."
"the gunman , identified as asen iliev , fired several times at the children with a legally owned shotgun and then fatally shot himself , police said ."
"the world s largest deep blue diamond is the hope diamond , a 45 . 52 carat stone housed at the smithsonian institution in washington , dc ."
the joong ang ilbo is reporting south korean officials have begun an investigation into whether five south korean companies exported sensitive dual use goods to iraq before the war .
"russian president vladimir putin has been warned of a plot to assassinate him during a visit to iran this week , kremlin officials have said ."
"house minority leader john boehner , r ohio , told fellow congressmen on the floor of the house that their colleague died suddenly overnight ."
the second appropriated nearly 100 billion for the wars in iraq and afghanistan .
"without an apology , monks across the country have threatened to march tuesday from their monasteries , cut off communication with the military and their families and refuse alms ."
"as well , reform of the value added tax system will cut taxes by 120 billion yuan 17 . 5 billion for enterprises , the statement said ."
maruca kovac described hawkins on cnn s anderson cooper 360 wednesday night as kind of like a pound puppy that nobody wanted .
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
"after jeong told the police she got the list at chung s primary campaign headquarters , the police expanded their investigation into the presidential hopeful s campaign ."
former lawmaker kim taek ki withdrew his candidacy with the governing grand national party gnp tuesday after being accused of offering bribes to voters in a gangwon province district .
"che the movie met che the myth in cuba this weekend , and the lengthy biopic of the argentinean revolutionary won acclaim from among those who know his story best ."
"construction went ahead despite complaints about the 180 billion yuan 22 billion cost , forced relocations , environmental damage and flooding of temples and other cultural and archaeological sites ."
"the explosion happened at a tunnel whose entrance is located in a pigpen at the farm , the agency said . the cause was not immediately known ."
a international conference on north korea s human rights hold in washington .
"nearly eight year rule is being challenged by opposition activists and islamic militants , said he has witnessed the rise of extremism , militancy and violence tearing at the fabric of our society ."
"the new company will be called nasdaq omx group , they said ."
the stock market s wild swings are like the mood fluctuations of a child going to the amusement park .
the initiative plans to broadcast millions of health messages every month to phones across south africa .
the report took more than five years to complete .
"shipman has filed for a restraining order on nowak in brevard county , where shipman lives and works , according to a copy of the order on brevard county s web site ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
another advantage of the new therapy is that it halves the number of surgeries required .
"the tapes were made in 2002 and destroyed in 2005 , hayden said in a letter to cia employees obtained by cnn ."
"once it was finally adopted , it paved the way for the concept of decimals , allowing mankind to advance its knowledge of mathematics and logic ."
"the church has as much responsibility to preserve what it sees as man and woman s god given roles as it does to protect endangered species , he implied ."
"despite u . s . refusal , korea s ministry of foreign affairs and trade said in a statement it will continue to press the u . s . side ."
"political scientist mark petracca , who teaches at the university of california at irvine , says he finally agreed to get a nanny , but he absolutely refuses to hire a gardener , even though everybody else in his neighborhood has one ."
"pakistani police wednesday used tear gas on a group of journalists and supporters gathered outside parliament for a demonstration organized by former pakistani prime minister benazir bhutto , police sources told cnn ."
"the 71 year old berlusconi is not considered too old for the job , nor has his health been an issue , despite the fact that he has had bypass surgery since leaving office ."
"if both sides carry out their declarations , it means a week of relative calm between israel and gaza ."
"the beehives , made of straw and unbaked clay , have a hole at one end to allow the bees in and out and a lid on the other end to allow beekeepers access to the honeycombs inside ."
flying with the flu ?
"authorities do not know what caused the fire , and an investigation has begun , said police spokesman dragan furtula ."
"with obama s wins saturday in louisiana , nebraska , washington and the virgin islands , the illinois senator took the pledged delegate lead over clinton 971 915 , according to cnn calculations ."
the israeli army says it s investigating a report that its forces fired on a un aid truck .
can you relate to the loss of a child ?
"london , england cnn british prime minister gordon brown has said he supports plans to allow hospitals to take dead patients organs without their prior consent ."
the us installed afghan government has given them 48 hours to leave and the un has said that it will comply with the request .
"william s assignments follow a year of training as a specialist armored reconnaissance troop leader in the blues and royals , where his younger brother , harry , also serves ."
"the man who bought me my beer noted , these days , with the european union opening things up , many poles and hungarians are going west to france and germany to get jobs ."
"some of the symptoms of postpartum depression are the same as those for generalized depression , such as sadness , a sense of worthlessness and a loss of interest in sex or hobbies ."
"spanish league leaders barcelona are unbeaten in 18 matches in all competitions and were always on top in lisbon after thierry henry opened the scoring in the 14th minute , brilliantly set up by lionel messi ."
details on how many tourists were affected were not available .
"abramovich has seen his fortune cut by over 3 billion to 7 billion 10 . 29b in the global economic downturn , the magazine estimated ."
"if it persists for a longer period , then we start worrying . but at this time we don t know what s going to happen next month ."
but de hoop scheffer said the tide of the fight will turn .
time warner cable reportedly has about 13 million subscribers and is a major presence in the new york city market .
"but prison labor is strongly criticized around the globe on the grounds it undercuts unions , steals jobs from law abiding workers and poses risks of human rights abuses ."
"one person died after a car bomb exploded near the protest area , officials said , and ramathibhodi hospital officials confirmed that a woman died from severe chest injuries suffered in the clash with police ."
it s up 25 cents in the past 3 weeks .
clarke said the rules are designed to prevent names that are likely to cause offense to a reasonable person .
"the government decided tuesday to allow conscientious objectors against mandatory military service to conduct alternative services such as caring for the disabled , instead of imprisoning them ."
"i m very glad to welcome tony blair into the catholic church , the statement quoted murphy o connor as saying ."
"i don t want our country to be treated like that , she said ."
zambian president levy mwanawasa was all smiles on sunday as he and hu launched an economic partnership zone centered around the chambishi copper mine in zambia s copperbelt province .
"christen said that they are relying on other experiences with breeding , where about 60 percent of the eggs survived , to estimate how things may go ."
"koehler , nominated by opposition conservatives , defeated a university professor backed by chancellor gerhard schroeder s government who wanted to become germany s first female head of state ."
the 22nd bond flick picks up where casino royale left off .
"it becomes a psychological phenomenon , he said . investors know that there are inherent risks in the market , but at the same time , they re rationalizing any bad news ."
the brothers declined to give their family name to protect relatives still in iran .
your child can look very different from your friends kids or from his own siblings at the same age and still be completely normal .
firefighters worked until just before daybreak to put out a blaze that scorched fields on farms near the border .
the campaign has sparked protests
south korea has a history of leniency toward corporate titans .
"big jets , executive jets and private planes ."
the news came after putin got a message of greeting from yamashita during an opening ceremony at toyota motor corp . s new assembly plant near his hometown of st . petersburg .
"and if a state makes a decision that under narrow , limited , well defined circumstances the death penalty is at least potentially applicable , that does not violate our constitution ."
"most dry lands in china have been degraded by over cultivation , overgrazing , deforestation , and poor irrigation practices , as well as abnormal weather changes such as persistent droughts , the official xinhua news agency quoted the survey as saying ."
"rice , who sat down with cnn s zain verjee in a wide ranging exit interview , also said her historic trip to libya in september to meet with leader moammar gadhafi was one of the high points of her service ."
the lift s 26 other six seater gondolas were vacant .
washington cnn a report from the congressional budget office says president bush s plan for a troop increase in iraq could cost up to 27 billion for a 12 month deployment .
the chambal contains the largest of three breeding populations in the world .
draft likely to be reduced
"without mentioning the security and compatibility issues that have dogged vista , ballmer promised that windows 7 will make pcs faster and easier to use ."
"but , he said , authorities did not find any further discussion of holloway s death or how she died ."
"he was referring to judicial and parliamentary probes in several states including germany , spain and portugal ."
nasa says that polar mesospheric clouds are not uncommon over northern asia .
"keane has a history of walkouts , leaving the ireland camp at the 2002 world cup finals following a furious row with the coaching staff ."
ban said at a press conference .
"beyond the near collapse of the icelandic economy , alcoa has reacted to the global economic slowdown by cutting back on aluminum production around the world ."
the united states and israel have refused to comment on what the target of the strike was .
"in peshawar , officers used tear gas and batons to break up a demonstration , the station said ."
"all shots were accounted for as they entered the water , the statement said . when asked about reports of a fatality , a spokeswoman for the u . s . fifth fleet in bahrain said they had no indications of any casualties in the incident ."
"seoul ap with opposition growing to the iraq war , south korean lawmakers postponed a vote for a second time on march 28 on a contentiousbill authorizing the dispatch of 700 non combat military personnel to the gulf ."
"thousands of people evacuated after the initial 7 . 9 magnitude quake face the prospect of having to be moved on again due to fears of massive flooding if the the lakes burst , cnn s kyung lah reported thursday ."
"i want to face the people and prove my innocence , he said , adding , ma ying jeou won t be knocked down ."
"wolfowitz and riza and their lawyers will appear on monday before a special bank panel , appointed by the world bank s board of shareholder governments to discuss the issue ."
the governing party failed to win a single victory in the elections for the local legislatures .
"the rev . jeremiah wright , sen . barack obama s controversial former pastor , has canceled his plans to speak at church services in houston , texas , this weekend in the wake of the recent uproar over portions of his past sermons ."
it is not a prop to be used in a debate by people on either side of an issue .
toyota is set this year to end general motors corp .
he spoke against the vietnam war .
"the poll surveyed 1 , 000 adults nationwide , and carries a margin of error of 3 . 1 percent ."
"i pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face , mccain said before his supporters in phoenix , arizona ."
on the white house web site .
treasury secretary timothy geithner s job security takes another hit .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"a man was seen taking underwear from two laundry rooms saturday , a witness recorded his license number , and flaherty was identified from photographs , tennant said ."
ap national security correspondent sagar meghani reports the officer who was demoted after the prisoner abuse scandal feels vindicated by a new senate report
i m going to take advantage of this card .
"attendees included family members of kim gwang cheol , a former north korean soldier , who fled what bush called the clutches of tyranny with his five month pregnant wife , lee kwi ok , and three year old daughter , han mi , seven years ago ."
"last week , general motors announced it was idling 30 of its north american manufacturing capacity during the first quarter of 2009 in response to deteriorating market conditions ."
"bhutto was placed under house arrest earlier this week to prevent her from leading a march from lahore to the capital , islamabad ."
officials have reported uncovering at least two other plots to kill putin on foreign trips since he became president in 2000 .
"bangladesh , a low lying delta nation , is prone to seasonal cyclones and floods that cause huge losses of life and property ."
"hills has described his book as the story of a romance gone wrong , an oriental charles and diana story ."
"the nobel laureates in medicine will receive their awards in stockholm , sweden on december 10 ."
"the bidet sent up smoke in 26 other incidents , the company said ."
she met billy graham at wheaton college in illinois .
"in a separate incident , a mine struck a civilian vehicle tuesday in southwestern nimroz province , killing the driver and wounding two civilians , said provincial police chief mohammad ayub badakhshi ."
he writes that he advised the white house to veto some bills to curb out of control spending at the time republicans controlled congress .
the self deprecating scorsese said he was pleased at the apparent success of the film but that he only became convinced it was doing well when the studio called with box office revenues from the first couple of weekends .
"somalia has relied heavily on international aid since 1991 , when the collapse of its government spawned a decade and a half of civil war ."
"thaksin was deposed in a military coup on 19 september , and is currently living in exile in london ."
"for a fifth day , the israeli military paused for a three hour break from its assault on gaza to allow residents to pick up humanitarian supplies , a defense ministry spokesman said monday ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
prosecutors claim to have evidence that lee played a key role in underestimating the bank s value .
"the beijing olympics are expected to be the most profitable in the games history , attracting 500 , 000 foreign visitors ."
"first of all , i believe that life on earth is at an ever increasing risk of being wiped out by a disaster such as sudden global warming , nuclear war , a genetically engineered virus , or other dangers ."
"at the karbala news conference , one of moqtada sadr s aides read out a statement announcing that the mehdi army had suspended all its activities ."
"it s been brilliant , said star daniel radcliffe . it s also , i think , the funniest of the films so far ."
"tariq al hashimi , one of iraq s two vice presidents and a top sunni arab leader , met with turkish leaders last week about the tensions along the iraq turkish border , and said the talks ended in good results , his office said in a statement ."
"ronaldinho was sent on to try and turn the game around and , after he appeared lucky to get a free kick 30 meters out , bent a shot into the top corner with seven minutes remaining ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"restaurants , gas stations and other businesses closed in the lake city area because people couldn t get to them , knight said ."
"meanwhile , estimates of the iraqi death toll range from about 80 , 000 to the hundreds of thousands , with another 2 million forced to leave the country and 2 . 5 million people displaced within iraq , according to the u . n . high commissioner for refugees ."
laurean s wife was still in onslow county and had talked briefly with authorities . brown described her as cooperative .
"the 63 year old fossett , a former commodities trader who was the first to circle the globe in a balloon , was last heard from september 3 . authorities believe he was carrying only one bottle of water , but he is considered an expert pilot and survivalist ."
exiled tibetan independence campaigners say at least 80 people died while chinese authorities put the figure lower .
the late actor who ran away with the dark
what does lego capture that other media do not ?
city officials are starting to charge rent to some families staying in homeless shelters ?
her mother had the foresight to warn her not to ship her prized shoes in her checked baggage .
"secretary of state hillary clinton is on her way to egypt , her first stop at a trip to the middle east and parts of europe ."
"cnn authorities in galveston , texas , say they know the identity of a little girl whose body washed ashore in a box last month , and that the girl s mother and another person have been arrested ."
authorities believe sunni insurgents hit the mosque .
but the networks seem to be losing the argument .
supporters say the auction will provide cash for elephant conservation . opponents say it will stimulate the demand for ivory .
"cheney , 37 , announced in december that she and her partner of 15 years , heather poe , were starting a family ."
"it is desirable for a summit between seoul and washington to be held as soon as possible , presidential spokesman cheon ho seon told reporters ."
"earlier sunday , bloomberg warned new yorkers to plan for a strike and declared we are all in this together ."
"the suicide blast occurred in the city s commercial district , moments before lawyers were set to begin a rally outside the high court in the eastern pakistani city to protest the rule of president pervez musharraf ."
"dhirgham al zaidi , who sometimes worked as his brother s cameraman , described the reporter s hatred for the material american occupation and the moral iranian occupation ."
"on an image 15cm to 127cm in diagonal , from 21cm to 180cm away , in 640x480 pixel resolution ."
flying with the flu ?
"the internet of the future will be suffused with software , information , data archives , and populated with devices , appliances , and people who are interacting with and through this rich fabric ."
"one of them was the former premier zhu rongji , whose name had a rare rong character that gave newspaper editors headaches ."
east timor s prime minister xanana gusmao escaped unharmed from an ambush of his motorcade the same day .
"the daily nk report said the area was put in a state of emergency after the prison break , calling it unprecedented ."
the hangar was sold for a fraction of its construction cost and now houses an indoor water park .
"the statement reflected the kremlin s efforts to restore russia s global clout and rebuild the nation s military might while the ties with washington have been strained over u . s . criticism of russia s backsliding on democracy , moscow s vociferous protests of u . s . missile defense plans , and rifts over global crises ."
only two stories have led to defamation cases .
"anyone who looks at it can see that the script was written by the same hand , jacobovici said ."
"danish embassies in predominantly muslim countries , such as pakistan , have been the scene of protests since danish newspapers reprinted cartoons that muslims say insult their prophet ."
dutt s lawyers said the actor could be released from jail in the city of pune on tuesday .
flying with the flu ?
"in algeria officials hope that the inauguration of the 250 , 000 hectare taghit national park will slow the advance of the sands ."
abbas is currently in a bitter power struggle with hamas for control of palestinian territory .
a growing number appear ready to follow lugar s and voinovich s lead .
"greenpeace actions are illegal under international law and it s time the public stopped treating greenpeace as heroes , glenn inwood , spokesman for the institute of cetacean research , in tokyo , japan , said monday ."
wen also promised to improve china s dismal industrial safety record .
al sadr helped al maliki become prime minister last year .
the case has demoralized the south korean immigrant owners of the mom and pop business and brought demands that the customer an administrative law judge in washington be disbarred and removed from office for pursuing a frivolous and abusive claim .
"his job is almost certain to hu jintao , 60 , who took over in november as communist party general secretary though jiang will stay on in a key military post and many expect he will continue to play a powerful role in chinese politics ."
it is perfectly legal for doctors who discover or hear about a drug s off label use to prescribe it
"under the practice , infertile couples are matched with local women to carry babies for 12 , 000 to 30 , 000 ."
he has already been tried in absentia in panama .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"the opposition communist party received 11 . 4 percent of the vote , and two other parties , liberal democratic party and the pro putin fair russian party , received 9 . 5 and 7 . 5 percent of the vote ."
"in pakistan gunfire in celebration , after gunmen who staged an assault on a police academy were overpowered by security forces ."
"the u . s . military does not comment on north korean claims about spy flights , although it acknowledges monitoring the north s military activity ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"a 69 year old who was previously convicted of torching a palace has been arrested in connection with a fire that destroyed namdaemun , south korea s oldest wooden structure and a national treasure , authorities said on tuesday ."
the report singled out eight programs that were found to effectively communicate the joint messages of abstinence and safe sex .
australian prime minister john howard has announced that he will contest elections for a fifth term in office .
"the prize also became another welcome recognition given to a korean actress on the international level , 20 years after kang soo yeon won the best actress award for her role in sibaji , or the surrogate woman , at the venice international film festival in 1987 ."
"an organizer of tuesday s protest , richard tsoi , said more than 500 , 000 people had turned out ."
a newspaper report said the girl was so cold her face had turned blue .
"hundreds of people gathered at munsan station to cheer the five carriage train as it set off on the 25km trip to kaesong , across the heavily armed border ."
hepatitis b vaccine
a right wing japanese politician has attempted to justify plans to fingerprint foreigners by claiming he knows an al qaeda member who entered the country illegally .
"two pitchers , both as rural as hay , are now working for the pittsburgh pirates ."
"besides , some of the responses on the narcissism test might not be worrisome , dalane said ."
a runoff is expected on may 6 .
aviation disaster expert robert heath said aircraft speed might have been a factor in the crash .
"so if you look at a 7 eleven outlet , you might see a tiny yellow alien hovering by the door , visible only through the viewfinder and invisible to others ."
"daniel radcliffe , the star of the harry potter movies , will make his broadway debut on september 5 , playing the disturbed stable boy in a revival of peter shaffer s play , equus , it was announced tuesday ."
snu starts construction on hwang woo suk research center .
the ruling is expected to have immense implications for the ownership and governance structure of samsung group going forward .
he has said he will abandon his visit unless he gets full support from the junta .
ayad allawi said sunday he will soon return to baghdad to reverse the course in iraq .
welcome to india s wine country .
"another golfer whose name has already been splashed all over the sports pages , wie is back from an injury she suffered in 2007 and ready to make her mark on the ladies tour . her performance at qualifying school wasn t particularly remarkable"
viewers who receive their signals through an antenna instead of cable or satellite and don t have a digital ready tv will have to buy a converter .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
jobless claims now at their highest levels in 7 years
"in january , president elect barack obama and his family will make history , becoming the first african american first family to move into the white house"
"every day a bit more , nadal said . there s only one way you can eliminate pressure and that s by playing well ."
"most of the reporter s stories focused on iraqi widows , orphans , and children , said the brother ."
it was created in 1968 by the swedish central bank in alfred nobel s memory .
"preparations had begun for a state funeral , the family mausoleum was put in order and passes were handed out to the media for a memorial service after his heart briefly stopped ."
"only 7 of those polled said the economy was in good shape , while 93 said it was not good ."
"given the independent results from weight training , the researchers theorized that adding weight training to a high intensity exercise program would reap even greater benefits ."
"negotiations were hampered by differences over various industry sectors , especially those in vehicles and agriculture ."
"it s not a political issue . it s a moral issue , gore said while holding the oscar during his speech ."
"a new earth tremor thought to be an aftershock has been felt in the pakistani capital , islamabad ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"under the plan , the roh moo hyun government will be increasing its manpower by 12 , 000 this year , bringing to 60 , 000 the number of new government positions created during the president s five year tenure ."
"there s no reason for folks not to make up their mind by the end of june as opposed to the end of august . and that would give us an extra two months to heal the party and to avoid having a really divisive convention , he said ."
"in his statement friday , obama said he had not personally heard the controversial sermons ."
"but , of course , the assumption was always that some professional , big name actor would be brought in to do the real voice ."
"in central baghdad s karrada district , a minibus packed with explosives blew up on a commercial road , killing 11 people and wounding 15 others , a baghdad police official said ."
"he said there had been a reduction in execution style killings and roadside bombs that has boosted the confidence of iraqi security forces . it is sky high , he said ."
"putin demanded an investigation of the accident , according to the kremlin ."
"the daughter of a dance school operator , mori said her grandmother told her as a child that she wanted her to be miss japan before she turned 20 ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
lebanese troops advanced towards fortified positions of islamist militants at a palestinian refugee camp on wednesday in what political sources said was the start of a final assault to root out the gunmen .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"yonhap reports the resolution passed with 54 ayes out of 57 members present , marking the fourth time that foreign countries have held japan accountable for the comfort women and pressed for an official apology ."
"mughniyeh was killed in a car bombing in the syrian capital , damascus , on tuesday ."
but more miserable weather is expected .
santas can freak out screaming toddlers
and for the first time in the decade since democracy began taking the handcuffs off broadcasters .
i mean it was like a scene from a movie .
the province of zhejiang bore the first brunt of wipha .
"abe , who has admitted his ruling coalition faces an uphill battle ahead of upper house elections this month , said akagi had done nothing wrong ."
"the uri party s vice spokeswoman , yoo eun hye , said yesterday that lawmaker lee jong kul will head a five person committee that will seek answers independent of prosecutors investigations ."
"there are only about 1 , 600 wild pandas in the mountain forests of central china the only place in the world they are found and more than 180 live in captivity ."
"a couple of men brought the crocodile inside the pub , taped its mouth and naray snapped photos ."
"the commerce department reports the broadest measure of the trade deficit decreased , more than expected in the 3rd quarter ."
"jeddah , saudi arabia cnn 8212 saudi king abdullah confirmed sunday that his country will increase daily oil production from 9 million barrels to 9 . 7 million in the near future to counter the sharp rise in international oil prices ."
"a satellite image taken in march shows a section of the wilkins ice shelf in antarctica , measuring 41 kilometers by 2 . 5 kilometers , crumble away into the sea ."
the story was carried by the pro opposition korea times .
beckham was substituted just after the hour mark by which time the home side had taken a firm hold and led through franck ribery s penalty after 32 minutes .
a representative with turkish foreign ministry also said the talks did not go well .
"carlin , who had a history of heart problems , went into the hospital sunday afternoon after complaining of heart trouble , said publicist jeff abraham . he died at 5 55 p . m . 8 55 p . m . et at st . john s hospital ."
"the two presidents signed an accord calling for greater peace and economic partnership , despite the two countries remaining technically at war with each other ."
"it said that there was physical evidence to support the possibility that , up to a certain point , the plan had been pursued as an assassination ."
"the mission would make seoul the largest coalition partner after the united states and britain , and the government backed it as a way of winning u . s . support for a peaceful end to the north korea nuclear crisis ."
al maliki also addressed his government s position toward militias and troop levels in his country .
"in the 1980s , sea ice receded 30 to 50 miles each summer off the north coast , said james overland , a seattle based oceanographer for the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ."
"fires have ravaged large parts of greece , affecting the peloponnese , areas around athens and evia island ."
"their goal was to figure out how to kill as many american soldiers as possible , christie said ."
"russia , the world s biggest producer of natural gas , supplies europe with more than 40 percent of its imports mainly via pipelines that cross the former soviet republic of ukraine ."
"anybody who has ever voted for me or voted for barack has much more in common in terms of what we want to see happen in our country and in the world with the other than they do with john mccain , clinton said on cnn s the situation room ."
former president kim dae jung said north korea and the u . s . have to make up direct talks .
"the fire in downtown urumqi , the capital of xinjiang region , had been burning all night after it started in a building that normally has more than 2 , 000 people selling clothes , toys and various commodities , the state run xinhua news agency said ."
"turkey has already massed 60 , 000 troops in the region and over the weekend it shelled farms across the border ."
stores that normally stay open beyond 8 30 p . m . will resume service after the training session is finished .
the children cackle and shuffle off to bed .
"with mounting u . s . casualties and the looming deadlines of u . s . presidential elections in november and the june 30 transfer of sovereignty to iraq , questions are increasingly being raised over how america will get out of iraq ."
merkel said that military stabilizing measures have to be coordinated with civilian measures .
along came the rise of the personal computer and the decline of the mainframe .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"if knut would live outdoors , this wouldn t be so bad he would simply build up his fat reserves for the winter , he said ."
that was a break with other western officials who have expressed concern that such funds might have political motives and have suggested they should face restrictions .
"then last month , the 14 year old was caught wearing a suicide vest on a motorbike in the eastern afghan city of khost ."
"they made their break about 5 45 a . m . , wandering about a residential street and riling up a neighborhood dog , police said ."
"has unveiled the latest member of its 747 400 family of jets , at the asian aviation market ."
"amy taylor , 28 , said she had caught husband david pollard , 40 , having sex with an animated woman ."
"a military helicopter on a united nations peacekeeping mission in nepal crashed on monday in the eastern district of sindhuli , killing all 12 passengers aboard , including lt ."
"dick , now deputy assistant commissioner of the force , had been accused by prosecutors of failing to keep control of her officers ."
"it would have been a more powerful letter had they signed , of course , but it s nonetheless a very significant demonstration of the depth of feeling in the australian parliament on this issue , allison later told australian broadcasting corp . radio ."
"most of the 39 dead were women and children who were traveling on the lower deck of the boat , maniruzzaman said"
"south korea , which voted for last year s resolution , said it decided to abstain in consideration of special status of inter korean relations ."
flying with the flu ?
a sixth loss at the oscars would put scorsese in the record books as the filmmaker with the most nominations without winning .
"the army says eight soldiers were also killed in the military operation , and about 50 women and children rescued ."
"in fact , it is believed that the alleged assailant may have been on his 3rd tour to iraq ."
"as early as the 1930s , archaeologists linked the site to the edomite kingdom , but some of those claims were dismissed in subsequent years ."
a 2006 surgeon general report concluded that exposure of adults to secondhand smoke has immediate adverse effects on the cardiovascular system and causes coronary heart disease and lung cancer .
chester styles former girl friend also read from a letter he wrote her from his jail cell
the ap s sophia manos explains
the problem is not so much that the energy or the invention flags .
"sunday night football , tony romo threw touchdown passes to patrick crayton and deon anderson ."
"the women wore uniforms of navy blue pants and light blue shirts and many donned navy blue headscarves , a sign of muslim modesty ."
"his second daughter , alexandra , was born two years ago to the same surrogate , implanted with an egg from a different donor ."
"some of those will have toxic substances in the glue , he noted ."
"i feel that every day i am getting better and better . i am really working on my game , i want to reach my full potential , jankovic said ."
"compared to exports to europe , an additional 0 . 83 is added to each barrel of crude shipped to asia ."
north korea on sunday criticized japan for pressuring the north to suspend the ship s operations .
"on monday , prime minister ismail haniya of hamas stayed away from a weekly cabinet meeting in gaza city ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
police clashed thursday with demonstrators protesting the visit of vice president dick cheney hours before he arrived in australia to thank one of washington s staunchest supporters in the increasingly unpopular war in iraq .
mcdonald s is being sued by an arkansas man who left his cell phone in one of its restaurants .
"the american plans augur the biggest shift in the u . s . troop deployment on south korean soil since the early 1990s , when the two allies coordinated the removal of 7 , 000 u . s . soldiers ."
"the judge also fined each of the six defendants to pay 60 , 000 87 , 000 to each of the 103 children , according the cnn paris based affiliate , bfm tv ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
the issue may still be revived before the end of the conference on wednesday .
"according to the indictment , dogs that didn t show enough fighting spirit , or that lost matches , were put to death by a variety of methods , including shooting , drowning , hanging and electrocution ."
"for three centuries they were persecuted , then a terrible famine ."
"caroline kennedy has joined barack obama s vice presidential selection team , an obama campaign spokesman said wednesday ."
"the economic strategies of china and india look much more like those followed in south east asia , rather than the north east asian model of japan or south korea ."
he said sudan wanted to destabilize chad s government .
"submitting relevant documents to the supreme prosecutors office , the opposition party urged the judiciary authority to investigate whether there is any room for illegal activities in the kyunghyang shinmun newspaper s access and coverage of information on real estate transactions by the former seoul mayor s brother in law ."
it also includes many recommendations to make space travel safer for future astronauts .
"however , a draw and a win for arsenal at home to steaua bucharest will see the london side finish top ."
deputy prime minister and finance economy minister kwon o kyu has arranged a series of meetings with business editors and editorial writers next week .
"just as consumers are becoming increasingly tech savvy , so are the brands that target them ."
"most russians would not think worse of president vladimir putin if he breached the constitution and ran for a third term in march presidential elections , according to an opinion poll published on wednesday ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn afghan taliban rebels have killed two german hostages after the german government did not respond to demands to withdraw its troops from afghanistan , a taliban spokesman says ."
"although regulators did not specifically name microsoft s latest operating system , vista , they will look at some of its features such as desktop search ."
draft likely to be reduced
living in a cage in hong kong
riots continue across greece after teen killed by police
belgium has become the second country in europe after the netherlands to decriminalise euthanasia .
they have three children
"my decision is a very political decision . i want to get people in this country off their dependency on foreign oil , said fenske , 48 , who lives at the copper mountain ski resort near frisco , colorado ."
flying with the flu ?
the taiwan weighted fell less than one percent .
the sailors were aboard two south korean owned vessels with a crew of various nationalities when they were seized may 15 off somalia .
"the boy came in the way and grabbed the knife , shareef told the associated press . one brave boy saved the president s life ."
"the vote different clip is a remake of an apple computer ad from 1984 , which in turn was a take on george orwell s 1984 ."
a sixth loss at the oscars would put scorsese in the record books as the filmmaker with the most nominations without winning .
"whatever the intellectual content of the falun gong philosophy , the chinese government is certainly cracking down on falun gong supporters ."
"rinyadi says the primate population has exploded due to dwindling predators , but drought has led to food shortages ."
"the 52 year old sarkozy is the son of a hungarian immigrant , and takes over from the 74 year old jacques chirac ."
"later , laura bush made her own minor calendar mistake ."
"the u . s . army estimated the crowd size at closer to 5 , 000 to 7 , 000 participants based on aerial photographs , said military spokesman col . steve boylan ."
"youth leaders backed the campaign , adding that the mosquito fails to address the root problems of anti social behavior among youths and may even push teenagers to congregate in unsafe areas ."
are you as young as you can be ?
some did so reportedly including former president corazon aquino but a new commander seems to be in control .
"the report was based on an eavesdropped conversation between hong and samsung vice chairman lee hak soo , as both men allegedly discussed how to distribute the slush funds ."
"texas gov . rick perry declared galveston , jefferson and orange counties disaster areas thursday in the wake of hurricane humberto , a quick forming storm that hit the state with surprising intensity ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"hong kong and singapore stood at 21st and 25th place , respectively , while china remained unchanged at 81st place ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"but as they did then , police said tuesday it was unclear if the damage was connected to the clashes ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
the fire was visible from across the river on the east bank of the tigris .
the babies were transported from bayfront medical center to all children s hospital shortly after their birth .
posh london residential property will still be more in demand than its equivalent anywhere else in europe .
"father joseph li shan s predecessor , who died earlier this year , was appointed by the government controlled catholic church in 1979 ."
the first united nations climate conference has opened .
the ap s jerry bodlander is covering on capitol hill
"it could take more time , but i expect the issue will come to an end sometime soon , yu said at the national assembly ."
"he went in the forest following his father and he got lost . he was found by his cousin , who was out hunting , carvalho said in a telephone interview from caraurai , the nearest town . nobody knows what he ate or how he survived ."
"the owner initially only paid a fine of about 2 , 100 and has returned to work ."
"wielechowski left alone , sporting a swollen eye , tuxedo pants , a bloody t shirt and one shoe ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
says it has eliminated millions of dollars in waste and doubled its market share
a member of a japanese right wing group was arrested on thursday after he sent his severed little finger to the ruling party s headquarters in protest at prime minister shinzo abe s failure to visit a tokyo war shrine .
"actors always want to play the villain role at least once in their life . i had a good time because i could finally realize a full range of expressions and emotions , he told cnn ."
"on sunday afternoon , anti thaksin demonstrators gathered in sanam luang , near bangkok s royal palace , the venue where thaksin drew some 150 , 000 supporters on friday for his own rally ."
"we are identifying ways we can operate more efficiently , he said ."
where is the government ? the farmer asked .
"jon , the plan is for a car czar to oversee 15 billion in emergency loans ."
a public session will be held on the third day .
"the government and ruling uri party agreed to withdraw all south korean troops from iraq by the end of next year , government officials said ."
we have expressed our deep concern for what happens in tibet .
"we are fully satisfied with the outcome that we reached through this visit with president bush , abbas said ."
"google employees will now sift through the ideas , submitted in 25 languages , and choose 100 semifinalists by january 27 ."
"had he not been moving , we would not have seen him , because the tree line was very dense and he came climbing out of the culvert , helicopter pilot steve ward told cnn on thursday . we were just very lucky ."
he had been admitted to hospital in modena on 8 august with a fever .
"angelina jolie is indeed expecting twins , and it was jack black who let the news slip with a brady bunch crack ."
"for the first time , the nation s chief economic policy maker has lowered his estimates for korea s economy next year ."
"instead , with a hint of mischief and a nod to the everyman celebrity of campaign 08 , he offers , i m joe the cellist ."
"sleep inducing goodies to pack in the carry on bag include ear plugs , comfy socks , and noise canceling ear phones ."
"the credit crunch seems to be behind us , and we are shifting focus to corporate earnings and economic conditions , and clearly both are deteriorating , alex tang , head of research at core pacific yamaichi in hong kong , told the associated press ."
"as of 6 p . m . sunday , turnout was running 2 percentage points below the turnout of 2004 ."
"in the latest attack , a suicide bomber destroyed a major bridge over the diyala river north of baghdad on monday ."
"it has been posted on several web sites , including google video and youtube ."
"julie zawisza , an fda spokeswoman , said tuesday that color additives undergo safety reviews prior to approval for marketing and that samples of each artificial coloring are tested ."
"the government had earlier approved a plan to reopen the old airport , don muang , to operate along with the new international airport , suvarnabhumi , which opened in september but has been hampered by repair work on cracks in the taxiways and runways ."
"meanwhile , the academy of motion picture arts and sciences is talking with striking writers , said spokeswoman leslie unger ."
we follow a handful of career at t employees who have lost their jobs .
bhutto was trying to leave her compound to attend a rally in nearby rawalpindi a city outside islamabad where pakistan s military is based against the state of emergency .
he said we need to understand more the development .
"we are prepared to take over security of basra within two months and we will , he said , according to pa ."
president obama has picked new york city s health commissioner to head the centers for disease control and prevention .
"the rush hour explosion went off in a busy shopping area of the city ulus and during an international defense fair , where companies show their wares to militaries ."
al sadr s political movement holds 30 seats in iraq s 275 member parliament and was once a partner in al maliki s ruling coalition . the party quit the government in 2007 after al maliki refused to demand a deadline for the withdrawal of u . s . troops .
"he said all four brothers were believed to have worked on a farm and poultry outbreaks had earlier been reported in the area . but one brothers , mohammed tariq , said only one sibling worked on the farm ."
"proceeds from the auctions , which are held in a lavish hotel here , go to a rehabilitation center for victims of traffic accidents ."
he was granted bail in june and returned to work in july .
"and if the trend of talented youngsters continues , tiger may be forgiven for being worried by this attention from a rising star ."
"beatie spoke to walters about susan s birth , which was not via caesarean section ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
al maliki said the effort to foster and bring about peace is not just a military one .
no matter what the weather forecast sun drenched or soaking portland has plenty of fun to offer visitors willing to snoop out this city s more eclectic and inviting destinations .
that amount will allow obama to expand his television ad buys greatly in the 20 plus states holding primaries or caucuses tuesday .
but police said on thursday that the videos showing an angry cho ranting and pointing guns at the camera added little to their investigation .
"last week the commission announced its plan to hold meetings with foreign businesspeople and embassy officials on a regular basis , as part of efforts to create a business friendly , transparent environment by formulating anti corruption policies based on their opinions ."
"that , however , depends on the definition of anybody ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"the government s order came after students rampaged through the streets of dhaka , setting cars and buses on fire and battling with police , who used batons and tear gas to disperse the protesters ."
first came the world s largest ketchup bottle .
"newly rich couples can afford to pay fines to have more than one child , while rural couples are marrying earlier , he told xinhua news agency ."
"it marked the first time the family had ever left their homeland , let alone flown on a plane ."
"mcilroy turned pro in 2007 , aged 18 , having already made a name for himself as a talented young amateur ."
a report issued by an italian judge last week suggested that the british student may have been sexually assaulted at knifepoint before she was killed in her bed .
"the man moved his part of the house to his parents property , may titthara said ."
another 500 soldiers who are were to be discharged in february decided to extend their military service term for three months in order to go to iraq .
authorities do not yet know definitively what caused the saturday night fire at the goldhap refugee camp .
living in a cage in hong kong
"they do a lot of walking while they re here , and they re tired , said debra catania , whose family owns the inn ."
it was the latest attack since the government s january withdrawal from a cease fire with the tamil tigers .
south korea s foreign minister said negotiations to transfer north korean funds are in their final stages .
the eu also said it would welcome any move toward genuine interoperability . and regulators added they ll continue to check if microsoft is complying with antitrust rules .
"gazprom last month threatened to cut supplies to ukraine over a us 1 . 5 billion euro990 million debt dispute , timed to coincide with yushchenko s visit to moscow ."
"now there s a perception of anonymity , said lesley withers , a professor of communication at central michigan university . people think what they say won t have repercussions , and they don t think they have to soften their comments ."
"the forecast , released monday by the louisiana universities marine consortium , is based on a federal estimate of nitrogen from the mississippi river watershed to the gulf of mexico ."
that will happen when kim jong il verifiably gets rid of his weapons programs and his weapons .
senate overwhelmingly approved the bill on tuesday .
we ll get a fresh read this hour on consumer confidence this month .
the british columbia coroners service confirmed that the remains found in a shoe on wednesday were a skeletonised animal paw that was put in the shoe with a sock and packed with dried seaweed .
they accuse the government of turning a blind eye to the situation .
"madoff , 70 , made an initial court appearance thursday and was released on a 10 million bond ."
"the dead included five men and a woman , according to a tokyo metropolitan police officer . the gender of the seventh person was not immediately known ."
"on most nights , he returned to his home in central baghdad"
cesc fabregas grabbed a deserved late equalizer as arsenal went back to the top of the english premier league with a 1 1 draw at fellow title chasers liverpool on sunday .
"mr . jackson is in fine health , and finalizing negotiations with a major entertainment company television network for both a world tour and a series of specials and appearances , said dr . tohme tohme , identified as jackson s official and sole spokesperson ."
"but the conservation efforts since 1996 bolstered the natural process , resulting in an almost complete cover around the sind valley , wadoo said ."
the finding paves the way for new u . n . sanctions .
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"while the t shirt idea is her latest promotion , she also posted her resume on her car window and sent postcards to potential employers"
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"somewhere beyond these mountains , two and a half hours outside of las vegas , there is a secret airbase where spy planes like the stealth fighter and the blackbird first tested their wings ."
"between our interview with charlie gibson on abc and katie couric on cbs , sarah palin really did underscore a number of the concerns that people had initially articulated ."
"later , in northwestern baghdad , a suicide bomber detonated an explosive vest on a small bus , killing six people and wounding 11 , baghdad police said ."
"two sources familiar with the conversations confirm to cnn that obama reached out to scowcroft for phone chats even before he ran for president , and the back and forth has continued in recent days as the president elect assembles his cabinet ."
"after a check showed the suv s registration had been suspended , the 27 year old rapper gave officers a variation of her real name and a date of birth that was a year off , authorities said ."
"the celtics have boldly shown the knicks and 76ers that the old powerhouses still can compete against the warm weather capitals of san antonio , miami , dallas and phoenix ."
"the state has to interfere , said sanal edamaruku , founder and president of rationalist international and the indian rationalist association ."
south korea s benchmark kospi climbed 1 . 1 percent to a one week high thanks to gains of 4 . 6 percent for ship builder hyundai heavy industries and 1 . 1 percent for samsung electronics
"donor nations have insisted that immediate relief needs have yet to be met , with the united nations saying it will take at least another six months ."
"you get the feeling this guy wouldn t pass certain folks patriot tests he speaks fluent arabic , too , though he suffers mightily over the course of two hours ."
"in fact , almost four in ten so called persuadable voters lean toward john mccain , about as many as are considering barack obama ."
"in these situations , they are nothing more than bullies preying on the vulnerable , campbell wrote . the federal government should take a serious look at this practice ."
"cnn fifteen camels , several llamas and a potbellied pig broke out of a circus near amsterdam on monday ."
draft likely to be reduced
"investors are reigniting wall street s rally this morning , after hearing the government s plan to help banks get as much as one trillion dollars in bad assets off their books ."
"since the bounty went into effect march 1 , two cats one of them pregnant have been turned in ."
"thus it was during my extensive reading for my latest book , watching the tree , that i read the work of li hong zhi , founder of falun gong ."
"in its annual report on road safety last year , the ministry of communications categorized 6 , 300 of the country s bridges as dangerous because of serious damage to their structural components , the china daily newspaper reported tuesday ."
"that s why the intelligent person does not absolve them , the british people and all peoples of the crusader alliance from responsibility , for they are the ones who elected bush , blair and their allies and supported them in their aggression against afghanistan and iraq , he said ."
"or it could be vomit , caused by kids taking in more than they can hold , in which case you should consult your doctor ."
"foreigners will get permanent residence status from sept . 1 when they invest more than 500 , 000 and employ more than five koreans ."
"the u . s . report on monday showed manufacturing growth accelerated in june to its fastest pace in over a year as the u . s . economy , asia s top export market , picked up momentum ."
clarke wrote dozens of novels and collections of short stories and more than 30 non fiction works during a career as a writer that began in the 1950s .
"alfway to a deadline for taking the first steps to denuclearization , pyongyang s nuclear reactor is still operating , according to south korea s foreign minister ."
the mod said the handover of basra itself was now expected in the autumn .
herter thinks the hotel experience and the foul weather played a big role in her daughter s decision .
"the house passed a nonbinding resolution friday that rejected the president s 21 , 500 troop buildup in iraq ."
"unfortunately , the majority of the lower and upper houses of parliament are warlords and people with blood on their hands , said nafas gul , a woman senator for farah province who voted against the resolution . it s a betrayal of the rights of afghans ."
"from losingest team to longest game , the philadelphia phillies are world series champions ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
"bank melli goes to extraordinary lengths to assist iran s pursuit of a nuclear capability and ballistic missiles , while also helping other designated entities to dodge sanctions , said stuart levey , under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence ."
"never use it as an excuse to give up your goal or abandon your resolution , he said ."
prosecutors have asked both the family and grand national party gnp candidate lee to submit their original copies of related documents to check their authenticity .
"kiev , ukraine cnn shining with orthodox golden domes that rise from forested hilltops , crisscrossed by narrow cobblestone streets , and speckled by quiet , leafy parks , kiev draws visitors with an eastern european charm ."
making sure that chen s visit went smoothly was extremely important to taiwanese president ma ying jeou .
"the sources said on monday that the photos show that the chinese division , which in september moved from the interior to the border area close to north korea , was in the process of building winter barracks ."
"taliban spokesman qari yousuf ahmadi , speaking by phone to journalist thomas coghlan , said the first german was killed at five minutes past noon saturday and that the second man was set to be killed an hour later unless they heard from the german or afghan government ."
"adapted from the hong kong crime thriller infernal affairs , the departed stars leonardo dicaprio as a cop who s undercover in a boston crime outfit , matt damon as a mob mole who has infiltrated the police , and jack nicholson as the merciless gang leader pulling everyone s strings ."
"deaths from alaska were compared with data from other states to control for nationwide factors , such as population growth and advanced medical care ."
flying with the flu ?
"they caught two males and one female , said sharon gursky doyen , a texas a m university anthropology professor who led the expedition ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"kim also expressed his deep desire to return to korea , saying i really don t want to be here anymore ."
his remark was met with laughter .
"marc morin , the lawyer of ms ."
"64 year old charles robert jenkins , the usfk sergeant who defected to north korea in january 1965 and lived nearly 40 years in north korea , said he was advised by japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi to leave together with the prime minister to japan when he visited north korea in april , but high ranking north korean foreign ministry officials had pressured him into refusing the previous day ."
"huckabee , a former arkansas governor , widened his lead over romney among republicans to 29 percent to 25 percent ."
"thomas jefferson , who succeeded adams , wrote that slavery was an assemblage of horrors and yet he brought his slaves with him ."
the 94th edition of the tour was marred by doping scandals .
"later thursday , the british press association reported the blade may have come off after a mechanical failure ."
"the court said it was the band members youthful impulsive ways that triggered the incident , adding that the sentences were suspended because the two had spent enough time reflecting on their conduct while detained in holding cells ."
"the 128 million year old animal called microraptor gui , in honor of chinese paleontologist gu zhiwei was about 21 2 feet 77cm long and had two sets of feathered wings , with one set on its forelimbs and the other on its hind legs ."
washington cnn president bush is warming up his veto muscles after the senate passed a war funding bill thursday that sets a deadline for withdrawal of u . s . combat forces from iraq by next april .
"for the republicans , it is not a question of who but when ."
users who haven t specified their gender in their facebook profiles will be asked to do so in the coming weeks .
"we respect the people s choice shown in this election , presidential spokesman chen ho se on said in a statement , ap reported ."
"the workers said republic gave them three days notice that they were losing their jobs , telling them bank of america had cut off credit to the company ."
the er1 is more of a hobby than a toy .
"if we are not to win the tour this year , we will come back next year , he said . but you know vino , he has never been stronger than when things become harder ."
international olympics committee president jacques rogge has confirmed his intention to stand as a candidate for a second term in the position .
"see , the american public , i think , in the last uh , 48 hours has come to view this as something that affects them personally , they saw their 401k plan , for instance , very substantially reduced in value on monday ."
it is not known why whales get stranded .
"delegates to the council voted for incheon in preference to the indian capital , new delhi , at a meeting in kuwait ."
"this elegant engineering is seen only in female humans and our immediate ancestors who walked on two feet , but not in chimps and apes , according to a study published in thursday s journal nature ."
it s a crowded field to choose from and the choice depends on what you class as bad .
"meanwhile , a british soldier died on sunday of wounds from an accident at a british military base in sangin , the british ministry of defense said ."
saberi was convicted of spying by the iranians
"the dow jones industrial average notched its biggest percentage gain in four and a half years on wednesday , after comments by the vice chairman of the federal reserve raised expectations for an interest rate cut in december ."
"the 71 year old was at home in modena being cared for by doctors from the local hospital , where he underwent two weeks of tests and treatment in august , the news agency said , without citing any sources ."
"but the broad standard poor s 500 index managed to eke out a gain of 0 . 55 of a point , or 0 . 04 percent , to finish at 1 , 453 . 64 ."
"jamshidi said iran s judiciary chief , ayatollah heshemi shahroudi , had made recommendations that would ban the practice and said that a measure has been introduced in parliament to stop the punishment ."
the kaesong industrial park is a potent sign of reconciliation efforts between the two koreas .
"guns n roses , often called gn r by its fans , released the album last week ."
oil prices fell below 130 a barrel tuesday on a growing sense that soaring gas and oil prices have cut demand for fuel during the normally busy u . s . summer driving season .
"smaller accidents accounted for up to 100 damaged vehicles , according to media reports ."
"cod liver oil , salmon , mackerel and tuna ."
"while china s internet usage has been growing in leaps in bounds , the government limits the web sites its citizens can visit ."
"you can see the grief on the faces of the people who come here , he added ."
iraq s national security adviser said sunday iran has stopped interfering in iraq .
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the next big prize is pennsylvania , which holds its primary on april 22 ."
the beijing talks stalled after pyongyang refused to discuss a deal to disable its nuclear facilities until it recovers 25m held in a macau bank .
"crowe , herbie hancock , and dionne warwick were among the artists on capitol hill to push for legislation to require radio stations to pay royalties to musicians , similar to what s paid to songwriters ."
"out for revenge , but acknowledged that the match was significant in another way ."
the north made its demand on the first day of the 14th cross border ministerial talks that ended with south and north korea on opposite ends of the stick over pending defense issues .
"local reports also said the death toll was as high as 40 or 50 , with some saying that top local officials were among the dead ."
they also had a daughter who was born several months premature in june 1947 and died a day later .
u . s . assistant secretary of state matthew bryza said tuesday after talking to the georgian leadership and opposition in tbilisi that he had been given official assurances that the state of emergency will be lifted friday .
"is the more you yahoo , the better ?"
"nearly half of the relatives of victims who died in the world trade center attack say the republican national convention should have been held elsewhere , and about a quarter believe the gop chose new york to capitalize on sept . 11th , according to a new survey ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"the french model is made from natural materials including polymer and pig tissue , which have already been used in heart valves implanted into people ."
"the mediterranean diet is a heritage that should be protected and shared , paolo de castro , a former italian agriculture minister , said earlier this year ."
"the evacuation operation took about two hours , with the the last person being plucked off the ship by early evening ."
"wall street , the dow is up 45 ."
"even if the switch over to the side b backup ultimately fails , hubble managers say the design team had the foresight 20 years ago to build a spare sic dh system , which has been warehoused at goddard all this time while the original instrument perked along just fine ."
"horst koehler , a former head of the international monetary fund who has called for bolder economic reforms in germany , was elected sunday as the country s ninth postwar president ."
more than 60 civilians in lebanon and two children in israel were killed on wednesday as violence continued .
believed to have once covered the entire structure
"side swept bangs soften the lines on your forehead , and growing your hair a few inches below the chin takes attention away from sagging , says new york city stylist eva scrivo ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"police say madeleine , who turns four on saturday , was abducted from her parent s resort apartment in portugal s algarve ."
prosecutors claimed detaining yoo is crucial in bringing to light lone star s stock manipulation scheme .
"it s tongue in cheek and she s getting more attention that the other two , so she seemed like an ideal candidate . matt southam told the rye and battle observer ."
the world s greatest super yachts
one that would let california and other states set their own tailpipe standards .
"erich kastner , the last german veteran , died january 1 this year , aged 107 ."
the korea times reports bush made the remark two days before the six way talks are to open in beijing to denuclearize north korea .
the tornado hit the town of qishi in southern china s guangdong province around noon saturday .
legendary singer joan baez says she s finally happy
it turned out the response to the second question would help williams resolve the first
a british foreign office report on travel trends for 2009 predicted that 13 percent of british travelers are more likely to visit the states now barack obama has been elected .
"the kennel club is revising standards for a total of 78 breeds to ensure that all dogs are healthy , of good temperament and fit for their original function ."
"but changes in currents and water temperature apparently confused the juvenile birds , who strayed too far north to the warm beaches of salvador , brazil , 870 miles north of sao paulo , brazil . there was not much of a food supply . the birds were stranded and emaciated ."
it is a tactic from 30 years ago .
"the ap s carson walker , in fargo , north dakota ."
"without that relief , even more children head back to the streets to beg for the smallest morsels to fill their empty stomachs ."
"two soldiers were killed in the fray , bringing to 155 the number of troops killed since may 20 , when the standoff with the militants began ."
"they waltzed , jitterbugged and rumbaed in pairs to the nostalgic mandarin tunes churned out by a live band on the small stage ."
"thursday s vote represented a sad day for america , said democratic sen . charles schumer of new york ."
"as a result , they are now exporting not just goods , but ideas ."
curt schilling could be throwing off a mound by january after having shoulder surgery monday that keeps him on target to pitch by the middle of next season if he decides to return .
"the president also targeted some conservative dailies , which have continuously attacked him for spoiling the alliance , as he is scheduled to meet u . s . president george w . bush in washington on sept ."
"according to government statistics , there were 18 , 528 murders in 2004 more than 50 per day ."
hand foot mouth has no relation to the foot and mouth disease that affects farm animals .
the children are the most affected because they re not going to school .
"lafave , 27 , pleaded guilty in november 2005 to having sex with a 14 year old boy and was sentenced to three years under house arrest and seven years of probation ."
in among all those pages exist a myriad of sites giving people access to information and opportunities that didn t exist previously .
"former prime ministers lee hae chan and han myung sook , former government administration and home affairs minister kim doo kwan and former health and welfare minister ryu shi min are strong supporters of president roh ."
"so of course we re going to give it to him , because . . . it s not important how big of a name an actor is , it s about how great the character that s being created , how it jumps off the screen and becomes memorable ."
"but the late night landscape is about to change , and no one not the hosts , not the viewers knows how it will look ."
winds are heading southwest and fire officials are warning residents to keep an eye on their surroundings .
once murray and his team of engineers have completed the design he will look to sell the license to build the t25 to motor manufacturers .
he was granted bail in june and returned to work in july .
"heads of the foreign ministry , the national intelligence service , and the national security council , are facing pressure to take responsibility for the bungled handling of the kim case ."
"but clinton countered by saying that while u . s . forces might have to pursue action inside pakistan on the basis of actionable intelligence , it was a very big mistake to telegraph that and to destabilize the musharraf regime , which is fighting for its life against the islamist extremists who are in bed with al qaeda and the taliban ."
she was named baroness thatcher of kesteven after leaving office .
the energy that the artist put was this circular stone trying to pull itself to become unbroken .
"supporters of the mission argued that canadians have made progress in providing schools , health care and clean water for thousands of afghans ."
"tokyo ap with the economy in the doldrums for years and unemployment at a record high , japanese are racking up debts , falling prey to loan sharks and declaring bankruptcy by the thousands ."
"three of the top closers , you may have noticed , are south korea s byung hyun kim , japan s hideki irabu and seattle s kazuhiro sasaki ."
her body was burnt in a nearby forest and the ashes were dispersed .
"a statement posted on islammemo , a web site devoted to conservative islamic comment , said president hosni mubarak made christmas a holiday because of u . s . pressure to prove egypt was democratic and respected minorities rights ."
he signed with the galaxy in january 2007 in a money spinning five year deal which stunned the football world .
flying with the flu ?
"milan , who beat genoa 3 0 in their opening league game , join fiorentina as one of seven teams with four points in the league table ."
"once called the first dweller in the electronic cottage , his vision of future space travel and computing captured the popular imagination ."
"according to abbas and his fatah allies , the president has the power to dissolve the government and form a temporary cabinet after calling for a state of emergency ."
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"the first charge dates back to may 2003 , when darwin is accused of obtaining money fraudulently from unat direct insurance management ltd . by falsely claiming that he had been killed in an accident the previous year ."
aides said michelle obama s new speeches will include more details about her family and humble upbringing on chicago s southside .
"obama leads clinton , a fellow democratic senator , in a bruising race for their party s presidential nomination , but neither is likely to reach the 2 , 025 delegates needed to become the nominee in the remaining state by state contests ."
"among the unsettled issues are beef , automobiles , textiles , anti dumping , intellectual property rights , pharmaceuticals and the investor state dispute isd system , which makes it possible for investors to file suits against each other s government for possible unfair treatment ."
"the range might seem like enough to breath easy , about 600 , 000 km , but many scientists classify it as a relatively close call ."
"because of the boycott , candidates from thaksin s thai rak thai party stood unopposed in many seats ."
that s partly because a compass adds a bit to manufacturing costs while its benefits have not always been made clear .
"at least 34 people were killed , hospital officials said sunday ."
"martin scorsese won the top honor saturday from the directors guild of america for his mob saga the departed , moving him a step closer to finally receiving hollywood s biggest filmmaking prize at the academy awards ."
"secretary general kofi annan on sunday arrived in south korea , on the first leg of his asian tour that will also take him to japan , china , vietnam and thailand ."
it is going to require more than rousing speeches . . . it is going to require something more because the problem that we face in america today is not the lack of good ideas .
our ed donahue takes a look at his long career
"in july 2005 , senna was the sole winner of a national lottery worth 52 million reals 24 . 4 million ."
"2 credit card company , is facing bankruptcy as lg electronics and lg chemical on wednesday rejected a demand from creditor banks to rescue the debt strapped card issuer ."
the investigation into the attempted terror attacks in london and glasgow has become a global terror probe after an eighth suspect was arrested in australia late monday .
"parents kate and gerry mccann are taking immense strength from the messages , said family member michael wright ."
renee zellweger as a human florist who inspires a cross species crush in benson and matthew broderick as benson s best friend .
"tourists and locals handed off cameras , taking turns snapping pictures for posterity ."
cigarettes are 20 percent pricier .
it will also offer tax breaks for the purchase of locally developed hybrid fuel vehicles beginning in 2008 and make it mandatory for government agencies to purchase the energy efficient cars from 2006 .
"las vegas , nevada ap after nearly 30 years , california s classic rock group the eagles may soon release their first album of all new music ."
eva maudlin denied it .
"kim jong hoon , the chief south korean negotiator in free trade talks with the united states , was promoted to the post of trade minister ."
"i expect the death toll to rise , as there still victims trapped under the concrete , said dang van tam , director of central can tho general hospital ."
"the web site lists the price for the presentation car at 5 , 000 for a winter trip ."
draft likely to be reduced
"the picture was equally gloomy in the uk as telecoms giant bt announced it was cutting around 10 , 000 jobs , mainly among agency workers and sub contractors , the british press association said ."
he also received loads of media attention for appearing naked onstage a departure from his wholesome image as the bespectacled boy wizard in the big screen adaptations of j . k . rowling s best selling fantasy novels .
"influenza outbreaks frequently occur on cruise ships , even during summer voyages to northern destinations like alaska ."
"candidates from both parties have been trying to build up internet support using social networking and video sharing sites , with democratic senator barack obama proving particularly successful ."
a taliban spokesman told cnn the government is lying and that both men have been killed .
"the svalbard global seed vault , as it is officially known , can hold as many as 4 . 5 million seed samples and will eventually house almost every variety of most important food crops in the world , according to the global crop diversity trust , which is paying to collect and maintain the seeds ."
he ross will not be paid by the bbc during this period .
"but more importantly , the united manager was left to contemplate a"
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
so what will she do as the show s third season ends and her school chums ponder a fourth season without zoey ?
"meanwhile , bush has arrived in sydney amid the tightest security australia s biggest city has ever seen ."
"but it s a combination of idealism and , if you will , brute force ."
"ryder and his colleagues sent frozen skin cells from a long dead banteng to researchers at the cloning company advanced cell technology in worcester , massachusetts ."
"i would say that probably 20 to 30 of most chain stores this christmas underperformed , and that s a recipe for disaster unclear ."
mugabe survived a hotly contested presidential challenge from mdc leader morgan tsvangirai in 2002 amid widespread accusations of vote rigging .
pardo later killed himself at his brother s house .
"called an asteroid while in space , astronomers refer to it as a meteor once it interacts with the atmosphere and begins to heat and glow ."
"kim ji ho , a seoul based spokeswoman for lone star , declined to comment ."
the u . s . statement said the operation targeted a commander suspected of links to the iranian islamic revolutionary guard corps quds force . the suspect was involved in the movement of various weapons from iran to baghdad .
"north korea and cuba are the only countries subject to those sanctions under that act , which bans all bilateral trade with the united states ."
"the imf , which has sold gold before , said it would coordinate the sales with central banks in an effort to prevent market disruptions ."
miliband said russian officials have said privately that the actions stem from the litvinenko murder .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
liable for any crimes that may have gone on there .
"the official said the white house will not allow current or former staff to testify about internal white house matters , and has categorized niger uranium claim as an internal issue ."
"some conservatives have lost faith in republican running mate sarah palin after her sit down with katie couric , but not her parents"
she said she witnessed the violence from a nearby building .
"their efforts have been successful so far , the gloucestershire constabulary emergency services said monday evening ."
the rare prime ministerial talks were aimed at devising concrete plans to implement wide ranging accords reached between the leaders of the koreas .
"washington cnn 8212 citing tiger population counts that have dwindled to a few thousand , several hollywood stars have come out in support of a preservation campaign announced monday by the world bank ."
there are several other nations on the rise that have the potential to become consistent global powers in the game .
"the dane , who lives in sweden , told a court hearing sunday that he had consumed 15 20 beers before storming the field ."
"cnn a magnitude 6 . 4 earthquake hit the pacific ocean off the northern philippines sunday morning and was felt as far as southeastern taiwan , the u . s . geological survey reported ."
"i m concerned about children , people trying to capture these cats that don t have knowledge of what they re doing , being scratched or injured or inhumanely handling these cats for five bucks . is it worth it ?"
"mccain told an overflow crowd of more than 800 at a retirement community near hilton head island , south carolina ."
the two big opposition parties if they form a coalition and get the support of smaller groups and independent candidates could gain the two thirds majority in parliament needed to impeach musharraf .
"but , just like i didn t lose this much weight and body mass in a week or a month , my doctors expect it will take me until late this spring to regain it . i will continue as apple s ceo during my recovery ."
"a small plane carrying tourists from germany and australia hit a fence and caught fire in nepal s everest region wednesday morning , killing 18 of 19 people on board , officials said ."
"pro taliban militants with ties to al qaeda are carrying out the attacks , according to analysts and government officials ."
japan s coast guard has found three bodies believed to be crew members of a mysterious boat after an exchange of fire with japanese patrol boats .
"the officers smelled alcohol and administered a field sobriety test , which lohan failed , lindsey said ."
"almost 30 josephs and marys had already signed up for the free night s stay at the travelodge , said shakila ahmed , a spokeswoman for the hotel chain ."
the ap s warren levinson has on the massive selloff .
"cui jian , a lifelong beijinger and china s most famous rock star , says he never sends visitors to the great wall or forbidden city ."
the report said the negotiations would last a few days before a christmas recess .
"the former first lady fell last week at her home , drake said , but admitted herself to the hospital only after experiencing persistent pain ."
"the place is incredibly quiet , even in the high season ."
spokesman for palestinian president mahmoud abbas says the government is firmly opposed to israel s actions .
"sen . barack obama has asked top contributors to help his former rival for the democratic presidential nomination , sen . hillary clinton , retire her debt , an obama campaign source said tuesday ."
rice and abbas held their first meeting since the islamic militant hamas and abbas more moderate fatah party formed a coalition government last week .
some lawmakers from the ruling uri party are also launching a signature campaign this week .
"it s very typical of the soil here on earth minus the organics , kounaves said during a teleconference from tucson , arizona ."
ronaldo was able to climb out of the vehicle and was spoken to by police at the scene according to pa .
"the attacks also have wounded about 650 people , the sources said ."
"that was ten years ago , but the interest in his sculptures particularly the treetent has kept on growing ."
enya celebrates winter
the poll said that 40 percent of french would vote for the ruling ump candidate in their district in the first round of the election on june 10 compared to 28 percent for the candidate of the main opposition socialist party .
"emphasizing the new american realism in foreign policy , the secretary named trade as one of the pillars and urged congressional approval of pending free trade agreements with south korea and latin american nations ."
"i think anybody who understands the history of this country knows they are patently absurd . and i would expect that the same way those comments don t have a place in my campaign , they shouldn t have a place in senator clinton s , either , he added ."
college enrollment will be cut by 15 in 5 years .
"the united states , the european union and colombia classify it as a terrorist group ."
"the committee said le clezio was an author of new departures , poetic adventure and sensual ecstasy , explorer of a humanity beyond and below the reigning civilization ."
"the order covers the active duty army , which provides most of the estimated 146 , 000 u . s . troops in iraq ."
"cnn the united nations said friday it was disappointed that myanmar s government had expelled a top u . n . diplomat , and the bush administration condemned the action by the ruling military junta in the secretive asian country ."
the uranium program was not explicitly addressed in the agreement .
"patty blagoevich is filling in for her husband , the ex governor of illinois , on the upcoming reality show i m a celebrity , get me out of here ."
"earlier this year , the singer denied being involved romantically with new york yankees baseball player alex rodriguez ."
"musharraf was said to be considering the move , which would bolster military rule and suspend democratic freedoms , amid security concerns that pose the biggest threat to army chief s rule since he seized power in a coup in 1999 ."
"mexico city cnn when manuel uribe went out on a date , he made all the necessary arrangements"
the legislators were temporarily prevented from leaving by demonstrators who locked the exits .
"north korea likened thursday s train blast in ryongchon , a town of 130 , 000 near the chinese border , to 100 bombs , each weighing one ton going off at the same time ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"in london , the british museum said it would also send a team , and it called on the united nations to ban the sale of antiquities looted from iraq ."
the tech fueled nasdaq charts composite lost 0 . 9 percent .
superdelegates are party elected officials and activists who are free to vote for either candidate .
"civil defense officials said more than 10 , 000 families have been affected ."
"my brothers and sisters , musharraf said , addressing a crowd at a military ceremony celebrating pakistan s national day , you are seeing that a new era of real democracy has begun in pakistan ."
new yorkers who have seen their life savings reduced to worthless stock certificates and depressing bank statements can get a small measure of revenge today
"wall e is a solar powered garbage drone , the last one still operating on an abandoned toxic planet that looks an awful lot like well , is earth ."
the top us envoy to north korea has held a rare meeting with the country s foreign minister on nuclear issues .
"we are worried about the next step , shim jae youb , a strategist at meritz securities in seoul , said of nagging concerns in asia that the trouble in big u . s . banks was unlikely to be contained just to bear stearns ."
"under the headline marriage imminent , the weekly le journal du dimanche said the two would marry feb . 8 or 9 ."
"at a victory gathering in tel aviv , barak called for party unity and pledged to pursue a policy that combines uncompromising security , protecting israel s solidarity and democracy , determined pursuit of real peace , reinforcement of the rule of law and healing israeli society ."
the italian rider has been accused of violating article 2 . 2 of the world anti doping agency wada code concerning use or attempted use of a prohibited substance or a prohibited method .
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"comfort women is a euphemism for hundreds of thousands of young girls , many of them kidnapped or lured by the japanese , placed in frontline brothels to provide sex to japanese soldiers ."
"one of the suspects , age 17 , committed suicide friday after police and a high school teacher confronted him about his web page , which featured material glorifying the columbine shootings , jurgen laggies , a spokesman for cologne police told cnn ."
"islamic state of iraq an umbrella insurgent group that includes al qaeda in iraq said in the statement that it fought saturday with crusader forces in a blessed operation , killing some and taking others prisoner ."
we need to build on this three hour window
the summit will seek to establish reform measures to assure global prosperity in the future and would be the first in a possible series of such meetings designed to implement the measures .
publicized threats range from mailbox thieves and lost laptops to the higher tech methods of e mail scams and corporate data invasions .
"shortly after israeli prime minister ehud olmert said his country s policy of restraint could not continue , an israeli strike on a hamas training camp in southern gaza killed four people ."
flying with the flu ?
"since it arrived in august 1998 , the kitty hawk has been a visible symbol of strength in a rapidly changing world , u . s . ambassador to japan thomas schieffer said . goodbye kitty hawk , hello george washington ."
the bank of korea and the ministry of finance and economy said that they are monitoring the currency market closely and would take steps to dampen any speculation .
"a huge multi colored hot air balloon floating in the baghdad sky , bearing a large poster of jesus christ ."
that prompted the british military to withdraw the prince for security reasons four weeks before the end of his 14 week deployment .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"we had to wash it out because it smelled so bad , hasuda said , gesturing to the bulky blue garments strung between the steel racks to dry ."
"many men refused to leave , according to an associated press reporter on the mountain ."
"troops in riot gear also raided buddhist monasteries on the outskirts of yangon and beat and arrested dozens of monks , according to witnesses and western diplomats ."
"facing fire from some fellow democrats for his decision to endorse sen . barack obama , gov . bill richardson said sunday he still considers himself loyal to the family that helped make his political career ."
in a major show of strength over one million secular turks demonstrated in the aegean port city of izmir against the islamic rooted government ahead of turkey s early general elections .
the reason for the delay was twofold
"clinton spent her weekend in kentucky , which , along with oregon , holds its democratic contest tuesday ."
"but some video of the protests has made it out of the tightly controlled country , and seem to contradict the statement by myanmar s foreign minister u nyan win , who said the country s security personnel have exercised utmost restraint in dealing with massive demonstrations ."
"a veto means denying our troops the resources and the strategy they need , reid said earlier in the day . after more than four years of a failed policy , it s time for iraq to take responsibility for its own future ."
"he s someone who is uh , steeped in the economy and in managing crises ."
"bp shut part of the 400 , 000 bpd field after workers discovered a small leak in a 24 inch diameter flow line , said bp alaska spokesman daren beaudo ."
they said that we don t understand the question
"another person was killed in a roadside bombing in a shiite neighborhood in southwestern baghdad . the blast also injured six people , the official said ."
"in a posting on an islamist web site , the group al qaeda islamic maghreb claimed responsibility ."
draft likely to be reduced
i will live and lead by these principles
women bearing brunt of climat . . .
"a us soldier is said to be one of a half dozen people killed by a car bomb today in kabul , afghanistan ."
"the new indiana jones flick opens worldwide may 22 , four days after its cannes premiere , giving the movie a similar global rollout that preceded blockbuster e . t ."
be specific about your goal .
"based on a 1967 policy , japan has sworn off developing nuclear arms , after becoming the first and only country to have been attacked by the catastrophic weapon in 1945 ."
"the bomber detonated an explosive vest in iskandariya about 3 p . m . while the pilgrims were en route to karbala for al arbaeen , the official said ."
"a car bomb killed 10 people and wounded 27 at an outdoor market in balad ruz sunday , according to a diyala province security official ."
yet he also won t criticize president bush
"during talks with his counterpart in tokyo , ban said the people of south korea were disappointed by prime minister junichiro koizumi s actions ."
"it was the last dynasty of the old kingdom , which spanned the 3rd millennium b . c . and was the first peak of pharaonic civilization ."
tepco did not say when kashiwazaki might re open .
living in a cage in hong kong
"it is important for the kenyan people and their democracy to work within the confines of their law and constitution to find a political way forward and , most importantly , to bring about an end to the violence , mccormack said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"the illegal military junga attempted to rename burma as myanmar but many burmese and foreign governments and news organizations refuse to recognize the change . pro democracy activists rallied in the burmese capital , rangoon , to mark the 17th anniversary of aung san suu kyi s party s victory in national polls ."
"cossey is awaiting trial in juvenile court on charges stemming from what prosecutors called a plot to attack his former school , plymouth whitemarsh , in the philadelphia suburb of plymouth meeting ."
"although her doctors advised against public speaking , a frail thatcher attended reagan s 2004 funeral , saying in a pre recorded video that reagan was a great president , a great american , and a great man ."
the government lifted all rules today that had barred koreans from purchasing and retaining homes overseas .
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"lee said the world economic outlook is dismal , as a variety of unexpected negative factors have appeared ."
the dow is down 17 points .
"it remains to be seen what role , if any , thaksin will play in a future government ."
"los angeles , california cnn harry potter was the center of seven novels , but he ll star in eight films ."
"among the writers were such series veterans as mike scully , john swartzwelder , david mirkin and jon vitti . watch groening talk about the fun of cartoon violence raquo"
two students go on a shooting spree in the hallways .
all of these characterizations belong in the past .
today wednesday the police sent the letter and the forensic report over to the portuguese police for immediate investigation .
ap entertainment editor michael weinfeld says he was 77 .
"meanwhile , a suicide assault killed 18 people , including 11 police , in an eastern province , officials said ."
rescuers found the bodies sunday of three people who were swept out to sea by huge waves triggered by a powerful earthquake that sent avalanches crashing into a fjord in southern chile . seven others were missing .
"it was the world s first comprehensive study of sword swallowing injuries , said co author dan meyer of antioch , tennessee , one of only a few dozen active sword swallowers in the world ."
a suicide bombing in afghanistan that killed at least 35 people and a pipeline attack in yemen also helped push prices higher .
ankara is recalling its ambassador to washington for consultations amid anger at a vote in congress labeling the mass killing of armenians as genocide .
"the populations of burkina faso , mali , niger , somalia , uganda and yemen , are projected to quadruple because of expected annual growth rates of more than 2 . 5 percent between 2000 and 2050 , it said ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
"natashia west was injured thursday on the magic teacup ride at boomers , just south of fort lauderdale ."
"plan on spending at least another 1 , 000 if you don t already have one ."
"eleven iraqis were killed after u . s . forces came under attack by gunfire , and a suicide bomber during a raid in mosul ."
"squadron leader iain bright , a spokesman for nato s international security assistance force , said their troops targeted four insurgents as they were digging ."
"swedish researchers looked at 20 years of records and discovered that the number of heart attacks dipped on the monday after clocks were set back an hour , possibly because people got an extra hour of sleep ."
"in pakistan , police say a crowd protesting against the israeli attacks tried to attack the us consulate building in karachi ."
death toll is over 550 now .
"president hugo chavez announced after taking office that venezuela would send crafts into space , and the country spent 241 million in five years to develop the simon bolivar satellite , named for the general whose military victories led to independence from spain for several south american nations in the early 1800s ."
more than 20 people taking part in the banned march were detained by police .
the united states rebuffed what seemed to be moves by china to get the united states to talk directly to north korea about its nuclear program outside six country negotiations .
but polls are just snapshots of how people feel at the moment .
"it also has a grayer fur , and a double dorsal stripe ."
opposition leader nawaz sharif accused pakistan s president monday of blindly following america and ordering anti terror operations that have left the country drowned in blood .
"but as security becomes a growing concern in this age of ever higher technology , a possible solution has emerged"
the prime minister said americans are basing their hunches about iranian activities in iraq on intelligence they ve amassed . watch al maliki talk about the situation in iraq
the tropical cyclone hit with a force equal to a category 4 hurricane stronger than u . s . hurricane katrina in 2005 with winds in some areas topping 240 kilometers per hour 150 mph .
19 presidential election as he was lacking in ability and other requirements needed to pursue the job .
"south korea s central bank is expected to stand pat on the key interest rate for the fourth straight month in december to bolster economic growth amid volatile local financial markets despite growing inflationary pressures , a poll showed tuesday ."
"photographers were among the first to reach the scene of the crash , witnesses have testified ."
"they love the samba , carnival and thong bikinis ."
"at the moment specialists are trying to work out the size of the oil spill and the direction it s heading , he said . we will alert the respective ukrainian services if the spill moves in their direction ."
lee will explain his shift on s . . .
but people like gordon murray and his vision for a revolutionary new car just might do .
"los angeles fire inspector sam padilla said the department was encouraging evacuations at the school because aerial views of the fires , fanned by winds , showed some buildings on the campus were threatened ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
vida is disappointed but he gave the referee no option .
chavez declared tuesday that the referendum cannot fail and that its success will open the path to a new nation .
"i m glad it s over , said carlos sanchez , 19 , at apple s fifth avenue store in new york city , clutching shopping bags containing two iphones the maximum allowed per person . i don t have to sleep outside anymore ."
he praised the bank as a new tool to fight poverty and ease inequalities and criticized what he characterized as heavy handed lending practices of international lenders who demand austerity prescriptions as conditions for extending credit .
taliban spokesman qari yousef ahmadi claimed that the militants knew in advance about van uhm s movements .
"mahender murlidhar sabhnani , 51 , and his wife , varsha mahender sabhnani , 45 , were each convicted of all charges in a 12 count federal indictment that included forced labor , conspiracy , involuntary servitude , and harboring aliens ."
"this is all about iran , said the official , who spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity because discussions with the saudis are still going on and the arms sale deal has not been completed ."
"kabul , afghanistan cnn taliban militants holding 21 korean hostages in afghanistan will release two female hostages who are unwell , a taliban spokesman says ."
http article . joins . com article cnn e article . asp ? cat code 22 total id 2801966
the temblor vibrated under the celebes sea at a depth of about 21 km 13 miles .
foreign minister ban ki moon returned from new york yesterday morning after being formally designated the next secretary general of the united nations .
the hostages relatives in south korea welcomed news of the deal .
doctors said abe was being treated for a stomach complaint probably caused by extreme exhaustion and stress .
"john armitt , the chairman of the olympic delivery authority , told a british parliamentary committee that the 2 . 7 billion pound 5 . 5b euro3 . 7b fund set aside for budget overspend may not be enough ."
"while the ever growing burj dubai is already the tallest man made structure in the world , the nakheel tower is set to go even higher ."
"flood eventually trained jake to become one of fewer than 200 u . s . government certified rescue dogs an animal on 24 hour call to tackle disasters such as building collapses , earthquakes , hurricanes and avalanches ."
"on hawking s trip , the jet will make a single plunge ."
cross said the face and nostrils of the man depicted in the video don t match hendrix .
"eventually i think what the planners are doing , they are not realizing they ll be building up a pool of violence ."
"the singer madonna has settled with guy ritchie for 75 million , or about 50 million , as part of their divorce agreement , her representative , liz rosenberg , confirmed on monday to cnn ."
"yeah , you got to look at it this way , you know this year , maybe there will be what , 10 million macs sold and 300 million pcs , or something like that ."
the credentials on the white t shirt are listed below a boldface heading
"the time does not count foreplay , and the therapists did rate sexual intercourse that lasts from 1 to 2 minutes as too short ."
"their last album , forever , released in 2000 and without halliwell , fared poorly ."
often peeping from beneath those enveloping burqas i saw strappy high heeled sandals and crimson colored toenails .
"and unless your houseguests are conscientious pet owners themselves , chances are they aren t aware that they may be creating a toxic environment for your pet ."
"there will be no more excuses for those who pay for sex , she added ."
kenya orphanage takes in elepha . . .
german chancellor angela merkel said on sunday germany would not give in to the demands of the taliban to withdraw its troops from afghanistan and would not allow itself to be blackmailed .
violence flares at greek teen s funeral
the korea times reports two opposition parties yesterday told president roh moo hyun to stop his illegal pre election campaigning for the pro government uri party or face impeachment .
"clinton trounced obama on tuesday , carrying west virginia by a 41 point margin ."
"but when police launched their nationwide search early this month for men with tattoos , they were looking for a new breed of criminals young men who have their bodies tattooed to evade the country s mandatory military service , crucial to its defense against communist north korea ."
"in a separate rally in the lebanese capital , supporters of the former lebanese prime minister rafik hariri gathered to mark the third anniversary of his assassination in a massive car bomb attack ."
"olmert told karnit goldwasser , the wife of one of the kidnapped soldiers , about the development , she said ."
"griffin was to be buried not far away , in westwood village memorial park cemetery , where marilyn monroe , dean martin , natalie wood and other hollywood notables are interred ."
"hackett , the general manager of professional game match officials limited , says he has left a message with liverpool manager rafael benitez apologizing for the blunder ."
"yang oversaw the company during a high profile acquisition bid last year by microsoft corp . , as well as investor carl icahn s failed attempt to replace the yahoo board ."
"we did talk about the need to keep the temperature down , rice said after seeing putin in an effort to calm rising tensions between the former cold war enemies ."
"the russian leader , whom critics accuse of undermining political and media freedoms during his eight years in office , has said he would consider taking the post of prime minister if his party won a landslide victory ."
"the plane had been flying from siem reap where the famous angkor wat temple complex is located to sihanoukville , a coastal city with access to beaches , said him sarun , cabinet chief for the secretariat of civil aviation ."
"this is the core of good leadership , whether you re managing a corporation , your immediate family , or just your own life ."
"i expect to do next week all the things i did last week . and the week after that , and next year at the same time , she said ."
"the weather looks good , and there s no reported evidence of a return of the hydrogen fuel leak that scrubbed last wednesday s launch ."
henin said she has since controlled her asthma with the help of a specialist .
"wen replaced zhu rongji , a crusty reformer who helped china extricate its economy from the 1997 asian financial crisis ."
"the four key areas include computers , internet , telecom and social infrastructures ."
the ap s ben feller reports that bush has convinced the other countries to work for a global solution to the economic crisis .
"in both bombings , the attackers were mentally disabled women whose explosive belts were remotely detonated , gen . qasim atta , spokesman for baghdad s security plan , told state television ."
coulombier explained that the same tiny sensors that measure air pressure and altitude in an airplane or satellite are also in the artificial heart .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"however , after examining their degrees through the council for higher education accreditation chea , 276 of them are said to have earned them from unaccredited institutes ."
enormous planning went into the incident . the terrorists were dropped by a mother ship and traveled in rubber boats which they docked at mumbai .
administration officials have toned down that support in recent months after intelligence assessments indicated musharraf s agreement with tribal leaders gave al qaeda and taliban militants free rein along the afghan border .
but there will be some sense of fashion involved .
he called the deal a step along the way and said the united states hopes the agreement will be implemented .
"according to iraq s health ministry , 25 percent of the wounded have lost at least one limb ."
"president bill clinton was joined yesterday by former korean presidents kim young sam and kim dae jung at an event in seoul , where the three reminisced on 10 years of failed attempts to contain north korea s nuclear arms efforts ."
"the annual league table by the london based business newspaper , now in its 10th year , is traditionally seen as perhaps the most authoritative global ranking , assessing worldwide mbas on a series of criteria ranging from alumni salaries and experiences to course diversity and academic research ."
"the muscle itself actually changed color , taking on a reddish hue characteristic of oxygen rich tissue ."
"dogs that were ignored extended their paws much less often , doing so in only 13 out of 30 trials ."
"using data from more than 8 , 000 people in twin studies and sibling studies , in collaboration with the netherlands twin register , cacioppo and colleagues found strong evidence that genetics accounts for about half of the differences in loneliness among people in the study ."
said the search for a new ceo will encompass both internal and external candidates .
"the state house has impeached blagojevich , who says he ll fight on ."
"david kellerman s body was found early this morning , and police are calling it an apparent suicide"
but bush said tuesday he saw the latest estimate on iran as a warning signal .
"according to an mbc poll of 1 , 000 people on sunday , 52 . 7 percent of respondents said economic growth should be a priority in the next president s policies , while 45 . 2 percent chose wealth redistribution as the most important presidential task ."
he said fossett had set 125 world records since the age of 55
witnesses said it was the worst fighting they had experienced in gaza during 18 months of internal strife .
"this holiday season , it seems high brow concepts are better off making their commercial debut in low tech gadgets ."
"more ! raimi who also cowrote the screenplay with his brother ivan is happy to oblige , stacking the movie with no less than three villains"
"los angeles county sheriff lee baca , who was responsible for deciding to release her to home confinement , told reporters friday night , the purpose of the release was the fact that her medical condition was deteriorating ."
"under the plan , the government will provide korean language education , as well as clearly explain local traffic regulations and trash disposal practices ."
"in upcoming navimon versions , the aliens will appear not on a game page , but through the viewfinder , superimposed over the real world ."
"he was preceded by dozens of priests , bishops and cardinals who clutched palms and olive branches as their red vestments fluttered in the breeze ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"vick is being held at a warsaw , va . , jail after surrendering on nov . 19 to begin serving time for a federal dogfighting conspiracy conviction ."
flying with the flu ?
"in all , 1 , 170 federal and provincial lawmakers were eligible to vote ."
"wyden said in a statement that his bill aimed to slow the flow of spam , but another anti spam crusader in the u . s . legislature , said the bill , while a good start , didn t go far enough ."
a rare political protest in the chinese territory of macau turned violent after demonstrators clashed with police .
beutel says the biggest factor moving prices right now is the federal reserve s trillion dollar cash injection .
republican vice presidential nominee gov . sarah palin vowed on tuesday to use her executive experience to tackle government reform and energy independence if she and sen . john mccain win this year s presidential election .
"clues include odd or unusual behavior or details of a family tradition that s suddenly absent . about two years ago , mckeever and her four siblings realized their mother , anne goins , was repeating the same story to each of them , almost every 20 minutes ."
"furthermore , the president is going to be seeking a political bounce for a plan to start bringing these 30 , 000 troops home ."
thomson reuters estimated the u . s . s october sales could be the worst monthly statistics in 8 years .
one of the bulls weighed twice as much as expected and it was euthanized on april 8 .
korean business leaders tuesday united to urge the government to reject what they call a labor friendly set of recommendations by the national human rights commission .
this is only greenland . but antarctica and glaciers around the world are responding as well .
"the plane landed in buenos aires , argentina , the ax used to subdue the man was one usually carried on the plane ."
"strange , because his mother died in 1847 ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
then the group s accident rates will be compared to a control group of people who do not play the games .
"the body of lee soo il , who was 63 , former deputy chief at the national intelligence service nis and current president of honam university in kwangju , was found at his home in the southwestern city sunday evening , an apparent suicide ."
"north korea returned to the six party talks which also include japan , china , russia and south korea in december after conducting its first nuclear test in october , but the talks stalled over the north s objections to u . s . financial sanctions ."
"rumored to be called eclipse , the vessel is expected to overtake dubai as the largest super yacht in the world ."
it was revealed last month that rove would not be charged over the leak .
"first , a memoir detailing his experiences as a hollywood producer , bitter hollywood tales from the front line ."
"a senior u . s . official in charge of refugee issues has clarified washington s policy toward north korean defectors in china , saying the bush administration is ready to accept all bona fide refugees but believes the most appropriate solution would be for them to go to south korea ."
"a man sentenced to death in kuwait for the 1983 bombings of the u . s . and french embassies now sits in iraq s parliament as a member of prime minister nuri al maliki s ruling coalition , according to u . s . military intelligence ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
"we found a decision , which is a compromise , president viktor yushchenko was quoted as saying by the interfax news agency ."
animal control officials in staten island say the bird was beaten so fiercely that most of its tail feathers fell out and it had to be euthanized .
"north korea has allowed u . s . officials , including assistant secretary of state christopher hill , to visit a missile factory believed to have been used for uranium enrichment in an effort to prove there were no ongoing enrichment activities ."
"pop star madonna and her film director husband guy ritchie are to divorce , madonna s uk spokeswoman , moira bellas , confirmed to cnn ."
the royal navy argued that it was done to make sure the service had sight of what they were going to say .
"india s unions have warned they will step up their protests against plans to make it easier to lay off workers , one day after as many as ten million employees went on a strike that brought much of the urban part of the country to a standstill ."
president viktor yushchenko blamed his cabinet for not doing enough to reform coal mining and ordered an official panel to investigate the accident and bring those responsible to account .
"it will be the first tangible step to be taken in accordance with the six party agreement that calls on north korea to shut down its yongbyon nuclear reactor and reprocessing facility in return for 50 , 000 tons of heavy fuel oil as agreed in february ."
its ds portable and the wii console are flying off store shelves .
korea to double african aid by . . .
even the homeless can t escape the high price of a night in new york city .
a group of natural scientists have developed an economic model to back up their theory that it s more profitable to leave the jungle standing and harvest the natural forest products .
"the satellite was part of a space probe to carry out land surveys and other research , xinhua news agency reported ."
"more surprising still is that many people actually feel justified when lying in e mail , the studies show ."
"lee sang hee , a former chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , has been nominated as defense minister , while lee youn ho , vice chairman of the federation of korean industries fki , a conglomerate lobbying arm , has been nominated as the first head of the ministry of knowledge based economy ."
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
authorities flew in three helicopters to pluck somchai to safety .
"everybody was like , it s snowing , it s snowing !"
"rights groups had urged eu lawmakers not to dilute the report in wednesday s vote on amendments aimed at toning down either the whole accusation of collusion with alleged cia abuses , or criticism on individual states ."
the strike has silenced and darkened 27 broadway stages since it began november 10 .
cnn osama bin laden s top lieutenant warned in a video statement released sunday that iraqi tribal leaders who side with u . s . troops against al qaeda fighters would face reprisals when americans leave iraq .
he said the drilling should not go forward until the impact of climate change and invasive industrial activity on the animals is known .
korea s opposition parties seek to conduct a national assembly investigation on the ongoing stem cell scandal involving now disgraced cloning scientist hwang woo suk .
"investors are reigniting wall street s rally this morning , after hearing the government s plan to help banks get as much as one trillion dollars in bad assets off their books ."
"jakarta , indonesia cnn bands of starving monkeys have destroyed crops around indonesia s famous borobudur buddhist temple in search of food their habitat can no longer supply ."
the change in shape makes the proteins invulnerable to enzymes that would normally break them down .
flying with the flu ?
education ministry authorities say they have heard no such reports .
mccain continues to challenge democrats to admit the military surge in iraq is working .
"sen . george voinovich , r ohio , echoed lugar tuesday , laying out his plan in a letter to the president . full story"
"bickering between sens . hillary clinton and barack obama could affect democratic turnout in the general election , suggests a poll released thursday ."
"the massive backlog has destroyed summer vacations , ruined wedding and honeymoon plans , disrupted business meetings and educational trips ."
"bad news for the uh , financial services business ."
"during monday s sentencing hearing , black was also ordered to pay a 6 million fine ."
"after their first ever flight , the birds went on a truck ride to the center for recovery of marine animals , where they rested for 24 hours ."
every mercy killing case must be filed at a special commission that would decide if the doctors in charge have obeyed regulations .
"one excerpt shows an armed taliban fighter disguised as a woman in a full burqa , taking refuge with women and children to avoid being targeted by nato ."
flakey forecasters promise cash . . .
"more african countries should send peacekeepers to somalia , where an islamic insurgency has killed thousands of civilians this year , secretary of state condoleezza rice said wednesday ."
turkel s work celebrated the common people .
"he died monday , which coincided with holocaust remembrance day ."
"i am delighted to be staying in madrid , said reyes . it has been difficult working by myself and not being able to share a pre season with my colleagues ."
draft likely to be reduced
"i will apply the law to everyone . . . on militias , political parties , on participants in the political process , he said ."
it has forced people from their homes .
nine bodies have been recovered from the wreckage of a downed helicopter that crashed in the freezing atlantic off the coast of newfoundland .
the new quinnipiac survey show obama leading in florida 51 to 43 percent .
"the protesters on wednesday included black and white students who later marched to the residence where the video was made and demanded that it be shut down , witnesses said ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"boy , look at that , lloyd said as he approached the rubble . all this happens in a couple of minutes ."
no damage was noted to any of the vehicles .
"even when they don t have power , they turn on their generators and watch ."
4 killed as suv collides with car in tenn .
"after spending 17 years writing the books , rowling said she was both euphoric and devastated that it s finally over ."
"the demand came about after news that president roh moo hyun had already promised president george w . bush in summit talks in vietnam last week that south korean forces would stay in iraq for one more year with a downsized level of 1 , 500 ."
"it s not coming straight from the shuttle , nasa spokeswoman brandi dean said . people here think this is very interesting and you don t hear of it often if at all ."
donnie halpin is the searcher who stumbled upon him
"peter ustinov , from death on the nile"
"martinez was arrested sunday after undergoing additional questioning by police , grebmeier said ."
"this year , the president says extra air lanes will be available in other parts of the country as well ."
heavy seas prevented divers from getting underneath the capsized vessel .
"citing an official in washington , the report said the u . s . government has begun a review of several north korean accounts at the bda following a recent seoul government intelligence report that said the accounts appear to contain legitimate funds ."
"it used to be that kids would make mistakes , and it was local and singular and everyone knew it was part of growing up , said catherine davis , a pta co president in westport , connecticut , who had a frank talk with her two sons after several students nude self portraits recently spread through the wealthy new york city bedroom community ."
"the combat troops were expected to return to australia over the next few weeks , with the first of them arriving home sunday ."
"a number of people were killed in secondary explosions when cooking gas cylinders exploded , the police official said ."
the railways have been out of use since the korean war .
balloting was set to continue through monday to determine who will lead italy s 63rd government since the end of world war ii .
libya ended decades of international isolation in 2003 when it agreed to halt a weapons program prohibited by the united nations and pay compensation for the bombing of a u . s . airliner over scotland in 1988 in which 270 people were killed .
"rescuers continued their attempts to save those trapped beneath the rubble at schools , businesses and homes ."
"with the economy squeezing the budgets of more americans , some people are looking for creative ways to pay their monthly bills ."
"the findings suggest one reason that isolated , lonely people tend to have poorer health , says ohio state university psychologist janice kiecolt glaser ."
living in a cage in hong kong
"the venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol and cigarettes in an effort to cut consumption and prevent what it views as the social , economic and moral consequences of drinking and smoking , said jose vielma mora , superintendent of seniat , the government body that oversees the collection of taxes ."
"also , on the centers for disease control and prevention s page on assisted reproductive technology , you can look up success rates for fertility clinics nationwide ."
"unprecedented control of access lines by high speed service providers , and patents that restrict use of specific technologies ."
"across the internet , election watchers were discussing , celebrating and bemoaning the political process inside such virtual worlds and on social networking sites and blogs ."
"although the concept of human rights has been batted around by philosophers for centuries , one of the first modern milestones was the un s universal declaration of human rights , which reasserted the concept after the horrors of world war ii ."
tiger woods and general motors have announced that they will conclude their nine year endorsement deal at the end of december .
"police , in their statement , said the alleged assault took place at a business in central london , and the allegation , which remains under investigation , was received in may ."
flying with the flu ?
"kabul , afghanistan cnn two foreign nationals working for the european union and the united nations have left afghanistan after the government ordered them out for allegedly trying to talk to the taliban , officials from the international organizations said thursday ."
"the retired transit worker said he was suddenly whipped around and saw one of the dogs , ginger , being swallowed by the sweeper s round bristles ."
"researchers asked adolescents about a mix of sitcoms , dramas , animated shows and reality shows known to have sexual content ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
"on june 7 , the nec s first ruling was issued after the main opposition grand national party gnp filed a complaint against roh who has argued that he has the right to engage in political activities and has proposed amending the election law ."
"london , paris and frankfurt were off more between 5 . 7 and 7 percent at the close despite the bank of england and european central bank cut interest rates by 1 . 5 and 0 . 5 percent respectively ."
"in gaza , palestinian militants armed with deadlier missiles than ever before , have been firing again at israeli border towns ."
"former us president bill clinton has left hospital , four days after a follow up operation to his quadruple heart bypass surgery six months ago ."
torri said the case would be wrapped up very quickly .
the study looks at the responsiveness of drinking .
"women on the other hand use kissing as a mate assessment technique , gallup notes ."
nadi was one of three northern white rhinos at the zoo s wild animal park .
hurricane omar is leaving the virgin islands and now making its way to the north atlantic at the buccaneer hotel in christiansted .
lisa perry wants a fresh start .
"in one clip , a voice said to be harry s calls a soldier a paki ."
"however , sharonov told the russian news agency interfax , the penza regional administration is of the view that these deaths must be proven legally , which is possible only if all the people leave the cave so that investigative officials can examine it ."
delegates will meet in china to discuss the fate of japanese citizens abducted by north korean agents in the 1970s and 80s .
at least 155 people are dead hundreds more wounded in a series of israeli air strikes today against hamas security posts in the gaza strip .
"it never went to the court , he said ."
the fbi said it was investigating suspects in the united states and working with authorities in austria and other nations as part of the probe .
"john and penny adie , organizers of the two moors festival in the southwest county of devon , had spent two years raising money to buy the piano , only to watch in horror as it fell to the ground with one hell of a crash ."
"since their deaths , al fayed has accused the british royal family of conspiring to cause the crash , alleging that diana was pregnant with fayed s child at the time of the crash ."
french president nicolas sarcozy and britain s prince charles attended the solemn ceremony near one of the conflict s bloodiest battlefields in france .
"the company said no reports have been filed for batteries made after 2006 , and noted that the recalled units are a small fraction of the more than 260 million it has shipped over six years ."
noise cancellation headphones can block out noise and help you sleep on planes
"hill is the most senior u . s . official to visit pyongyang since 2002 , when his predecessor , james kelly , confronted the north koreans with information the united states had about its covert uranium enrichment program ."
"according to the probable cause statement filed with the charges , porter told investigators that he had planned to kill his children for at least a day before he picked them up from his estranged wife , tina porter"
shopping
"according to local media reports , more than 180 people across japan have committed suicide in such a manner since late march an average of more than two a day ."
"while the web allows kids the freedom to make friends , play games and research homework with the click of a button , it can pose a potential danger as online predators , cyberbullies and scam artists ply their trade ."
rumsfeld also reaffirmed in a letter to defense minister yoon kwang ung in mid august that washington wants to transfer operational control over south korean troops to the south korean military by 2009 when the relocation of u . s . bases is completed .
results of a poll released tuesday show that 82 percent of americans support the current bush administration s plan to cut one third of uncle sam s forces in south korea by the end of next year .
"co organizer ronald cruz said the california supreme court should stand by its decision , legalizing gay marriage ."
"he began his career with mcdonald s as vice president of the company s advertising firm , d arcy advertising , in chicago ."
the new president of the maldives wants to relocate
"the fifth harry potter movie led dvd sales , followed by planet earth"
united had already established superiority over their opponents thanks to first half headers from nemanja vidic and cristiano ronaldo .
"it s not an issue that we can solve by grabbing the trouser legs of u . s . soldiers to prevent them from leaving south korea , lee told a workshop for lawmakers elect of the ruling uri party at the national assembly on saturday ."
"the group forecast a 1 percent increase globally each year , with emerging economies such as china , russia and india being hit the hardest ."
his name was not released because of his age .
university of maryland economist peter morici .
"during a july teleconference , nasa managers said the latest mission was risky , but decided to proceed because of what could be learned ."
the attacker was killed by an off duty israeli soldier .
"last month , indian navy was criticized for sinking a thai fishing trawler that had been commandeered by pirates ."
israeli defense minister ehud barak approved the fuel cuts thursday as part of a plan by israeli security officials looking to stem rocket attacks on southern israel .
"putin gave a very reassuring speech about russia s economic development going forward and underlined that russia was open for investment outside a few strategic sectors of the economy , one of the ceos told reuters ."
after 90 minutes of negotiations he was allowed to enter the airport where he was taken into custody and then put on a plane out of pakistan .
it is still too early to consider grayken s criminal punishment .
the solidarity center describes itself as an international nonprofit allied organization of the afl cio established to provide assistance to workers around the world .
"actor sylvester stallone was formally convicted monday of importing restricted muscle building hormones into australia and ordered to pay more than 9 , 870 in fines and court costs ."
korea to double african aid by . . .
but he warned that us forces were engaged in a tough fight which will get harder before it gets easier .
"highways closed , flights canceled as winter roars in"
rogge underscored the ioc s concerns in a speech thursday saying that athletes need clean and healthy conditions in which to train and compete . but he did not read out a warning to beijing contained in the prepared text that said time may be running out .
"we live in scary times , said acting gov . richard j . codey , who signed the bill because gov . jon s . corzine is vacationing in the caribbean ."
"edgar eusebio millan gomez was shot nine times , including in the throat , a statement from the department said ."
"los angeles , california cnn marion ravenwood might have been speaking for us all when she set eyes on indiana jones for the first time in years ."
"london , england cnn princess diana denied any intention of marrying dodi fayed in a conversation just a few days before the couple died , a friend testified monday ."
the white house estimated that the troop increase would cost 5 . 6 billion .
federal communications commission for phones with a low cost chipset from philips electronics based on qualcomm inc .
"mccready had a hit in 1996 with guys do it all the time , but has struggled in recent years , beginning with a 2004 conviction for fraudulently obtaining prescription painkillers ."
"cnn at least 30 people were killed thursday after a plane crashed in a poor , crowded suburb of kinshasa right after takeoff , according to a congolese ministry of information official ."
"stock markets around the world plummeted monday , prompted by pessimism about u . s . president george w . bush s plans to boost the u . s . economy ."
three of the wounded are in critical condition .
korea to double african aid by . . .
"sen . obama has been to iraq once a little over two years ago he went and he has never seized the opportunity except in a hearing to meet with gen . david petraeus , mccain said at a campaign event in reno , nevada ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
"a glitch with a mars orbiter relaying commands from earth delayed plans for the phoenix mars lander s second day of activities tuesday , nasa officials said ."
"the bbc said thursday it also plans to sell off bbc television centre , the corporation s landmark headquarters in west london , as part of efforts to plug a 4 billion budget deficit ."
i wish that tonight would never come .
"there are about 2 , 000 of the protected and endangered dragons living in the wild , mainly on indonesia s komodo and rinca islands , he said ."
living in a cage in hong kong
his comments came at the end of a week long vatican conference on confession .
"japanese visitors queue up at sylvia s , the famous soul food restaurant ."
"delegates at the six party north korea talks have reached a tentative deal , the us nuclear negotiator has said ."
"the navy says 15 sailors aboard the uss hartford were slightly injured when the submarine collided with the amphibious ship uss new orleans in the strait of hormuz , between iran and the arabian peninsula ."
"seward , alaska cnn there are thousands of glaciers in alaska , and seeing some up close will surely be a highlight of any trip you might be planning to the 49th state this summer ."
chinese oil refiners are losing money due to low government set retail prices for gasoline and diesel that prevent them from passing on soaring crude costs to consumers .
"it suffers from ineffective leadership and is widely regarded as dysfunctional and sectarian , the report says ."
"customs officers at cairo s airport have detained a man bound for saudi arabia who was trying to smuggle 700 live snakes on a plane , airport authorities said ."
foreign carmakers revs up their domestic sales networks .
and we will avenge all that they have done in afghanistan for the past so many years .
william s training attracted controversy when he landed chinook helicopter in a field on the property owned by his girlfriend kate middleton s family .
butch cassidy in the sundance kid
"they may be buying expensive solar panels and hybrid cars , but i don t see them giving up their laptops and imacs any time soon , says michael ann strahilevitz , a marketing professor at golden gate university in san francisco who studies consumer interest in green issues ."
"in the following days , i had 10 times more people visiting my web site , said kang ho , a seoul tattooist who finds south korea s regulations on tattoos out of date and ridiculous ."
ban will thwart civil servants . . .
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
flying with the flu ?
"have been a huge success , prompting more than 90 , 000 smokers to call a smoking helpline in the past five years ."
"these days , for republican sen . john mccain , age is no laughing matter ."
never mind how spring temperatures tend to sizzle .
"next week , the jury is scheduled to travel to paris to see the crash site , along the river seine ."
"most indian bottles cost around 10 , making them far more affordable than foreign wines , which can cost several times what they would in europe or the u . s . due to heavy taxes and import duties ."
"gasoline and heating oil prices in the u . s . appeared to be leading the advance , rising faster in percentage terms than oil due to the explosion monday at alon usa s big spring , texas , refinery , which could be shuttered for two months ."
westerners still often refer to the area as japan s backyard or part of the yen block .
"glove , other michael jackson it . . ."
"the government wants to double the number of visitors to 17 million a year by 2015 , while nearly trebling tourism receipts to s 30 billion ."
"black had sought to stay free on bond on grounds there was a strong possibility his conviction would be reversed , but a chicago federal appeals court denied his request last week ."
"peter braunstein , 43 , was convicted of kidnapping , robbing and molesting his victim on halloween 2005 ."
"the korea herald reports north korea allegedly notified china of more tests , but seoul has denied the reports ."
"people were being stung left and right , merchant said . it was an ugly , ugly scene ."
susan boyle s debut cd sets ama . . .
keegan took newcastle to promotion back to the top flight in 1993 and came close to winning the league title in the 1995 96 season when they famously led manchester united by 12 points before finishing as runners up .
we can actually feel the object being pushed against our hands .
foreign minister ban ki moon reiterated the need for seoul and washington to stand side by side in a horizontal relationship .
"flying is about teamwork , and we had an outstanding team on board yesterday , burkill said ."
"while investigations are ongoing , so far , none of the threats have been deemed credible , fbi spokesman richard kolko told cnn late thursday afternoon ."
"if the competition produces a winner , it would prove a major boon to the emerging private spaceflight industry and mark the first time that a nongovernment entity has flown a lunar space probe ."
phillips had an rbi triple in the fifth and put the yankees ahead for good with his eighth inning single off gary glover .
"he later delivered the traditional christmas address in st . peter s square , sending christmas greetings in languages including english , spanish , lithuanian , ukrainian , slovak and many others ."
songdo to host g 20 prep meetin . . .
